meds	meds-href	title	other_names	desc	diseases	side_effectsOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		FatigueBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Drainage in throat	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."		Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		Swollen lymph nodesKetoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Onychomycosis	Tetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Conjunctivitis	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Propranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Graves disease	Spironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Liver disease	Nalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Leptospirosis	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		SweatingOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		ConstipationIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		IndigestionGentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eye redness	Spironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Viral hepatitis	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		HypocalcemiaEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Allergy	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Frontal headache	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."		WeaknessTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Nightmares	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Symptoms of eye	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		IndigestionMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Rectal bleeding	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		Cramps and spasmsSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		GastritisQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		SchizophreniaErgocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."		Prochlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Ovarian cancer	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Problems with orgasmHaemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blastomycosis	Rotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Torticollis	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergic reaction	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		DiarrheaOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Itching of unknown causeGentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Foreign body in the eye	Bacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound of the arm	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		AnemiaDigoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Ischemic heart disease	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Urinary tract infection	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		ConstipationDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Skin rashPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Developmental disability	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Skin rashLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		DiarrheaEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Allergic reaction	Bupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."		Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Uterine fibroids	Meclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Dizziness	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Pick disease	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Incontinence of stoolPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Peripheral nerve disorder	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Menstrual symptomsNiacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		VomitingClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	Methadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Spondylitis	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		IndigestionBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		ParesthesiaOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		Skin rashEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Abnormal size or shape of ear	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		DiarrheaTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Indigestion"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Blastomycosis	Phenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."		Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Multiple sclerosis	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		MyoclonusGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		PainLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Redness in earPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		NauseaTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	West Nile virus	Diazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."		Mupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin lesion	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Lung cancer	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Cramps and spasmsRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Back painHydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Congenital malformation syndrome	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Hyperlipidemia	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."		Telmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Hypertensive heart disease	Loperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Colorectal cancer	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		PharyngitisOlopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eye redness	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		SweatingDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Restlessness	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Actinic keratosis	Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Sarcoidosis	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		CoryzaProparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eye redness	Cephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Pyogenic skin infection	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		ArrhythmiaAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		Abdominal distentionModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		DiarrheaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Abdominal painWarfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Mitral valve disease	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rabies	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Premenstrual tension or irritabilityRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Nasal congestionLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		FaintingDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Palpitations	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Itching of skinHuman Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	West Nile virus	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		ParesthesiaThiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Alcohol withdrawal	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Blastomycosis	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Bipolar disorder	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Essential tremor	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Glaucoma	Ciprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Diverticulitis	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		NauseaOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."		Itching of skinCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Hemiplegia	Lithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Hostile behavior	Ezetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Posture problems	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."		HeadacheDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Retention of urine	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		ParesthesiaKetorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Granuloma inguinale	Allopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Cough"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Pelvic organ prolapse	Diphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Allergic reaction	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		VomitingFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Blastomycosis	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		AllergySimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		DiarrheaIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		NosebleedEszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	West Nile virus	Tiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Peripheral arterial embolism	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		Mouth drynessAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	Leptospirosis	Buspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Personality disorder	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Diverticulosis	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Itching of unknown causeMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		Skin rashDiazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Alcohol withdrawal	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		NauseaOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Pick disease	Oxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Shortness of breath	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		VomitingClopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Transient ischemic attack	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		PalpitationsAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		IndigestionLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		PainBacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound of the face	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		NauseaHydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."		Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Retention of urineHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	Fat embolism	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		CoryzaOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Esophagitis	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Blastomycosis	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		PainIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		IndigestionInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Hyperkalemia	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		DiarrheaBupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Bursitis	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		FatigueBetamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	Diphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Drug reaction	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Acute sinusitis	Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Stroke	Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Dementia	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Back painCeftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Pyelonephritis	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Back painEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		ToothacheTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Enlarged prostateHyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Indigestion	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		NightmaresCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Abdominal painNabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Joint pain	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Abdominal painCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		PainDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Tension headachePropofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Tonsillitis	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Weight lossMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		ConstipationPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		MucositisDicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."		Weakness"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Lead poisoning	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Pneumothorax	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Bladder obstruction	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Infant spitting up	Amitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Leptospirosis	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Back painHydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Rabies	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Muscle painRosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Cardiomyopathy	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Pick disease	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Breast cancer	Haloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Decreased appetiteTravoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Cataract	Diphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Allergy	Atropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Amblyopia	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Complex regional pain syndrome	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		ConstipationGuaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		ConstipationLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Idiopathic painful menstruation	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Itching of unknown causeEnoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Leg swelling	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		Heart attack (MI)Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Diminished vision	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Pyogenic skin infection	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		AsthmaPioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		Back painIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Mouth drynessCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		AmblyopiaEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Gastroduodenal ulcer	Oxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Abnormal breathing sounds	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		AnxietyDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Azelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Cataract	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Uterine cancer	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Excessive urination at nightLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		PainTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Spondylitis	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		SweatingOrphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Pain after an operation	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Endometriosis	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Pneumonia	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Orthostatic hypotensionFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		DiarrheaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Joint painTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Seizures	Lactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Alcoholic liver disease	Montelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Muscle painFinasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Too little hair	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		NauseaThiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Alcohol intoxication	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Increased heart rateLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Seizures	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Lung cancer	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Increased heart rateFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.		PainModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		InsomniaGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		VomitingSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Chest tightnessMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		VaginitisAzithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Pneumonia	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		NauseaLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Glipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Diabetic kidney disease	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Menopause	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Orthostatic hypotensionEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Atrophic vaginitis	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		IndigestionTetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound of the foot	Tretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne or pimples	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		AllergyAtorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."		Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Urinary tract infectionNitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."		AnginaFolic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Alcohol withdrawal	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Allergic reaction	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."		Abdominal painTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Testicular disorder	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Primary kidney disease	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Hemiplegia	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Abdominal painTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Itching of unknown causeTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Decreased appetiteHydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."		Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Joint painTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Cramps and spasmsEtodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Plantar fasciitis	Nabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Spondylosis	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		DiarrheaIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Ischemic heart disease	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		HemorrhoidsRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		IndigestionLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		FatigueAtorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Lead poisoning	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		FlushingEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Food allergy	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		AsthmaZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Pick disease	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Parathyroid adenoma	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		PainMultivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Blastomycosis	Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		FatigueQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Diabetes	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Abdominal painAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Increased heart rateZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Chest painTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Alcohol intoxication (Inebriation)Metoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."		Heart failureMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		PharyngitisNitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Pain during pregnancy	Triamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	West Nile virus	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		Decreased appetiteOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Otitis media	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		DiarrheaSolifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Urge incontinence	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		Joint painEnoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Pancreatic cancer	Glipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Hyperosmotic hyperketotic state	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		HeadacheLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Increased heart rateZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Diminished visionBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Symptoms of the breastLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Rabies	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		PolyuriaMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Chronic back pain	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Kidney stoneRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Back painAllopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."		Carvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Atrial fibrillation	Triamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Scar	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Rabies	Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		NauseaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Vitamin D deficiency	Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Bladder obstruction	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Orthostatic hypotensionPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		DiarrheaMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Lumbago	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Infertility	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Schizophrenia	Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Low back pain	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		FluPrednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Primary kidney disease	Furosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Pulmonary congestion	Lactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Liver cancer	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		FatiguePhenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Epilepsy	Solifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Frequent urination	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Shortness of breathHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		ConstipationDiazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Benign paroxysmal positional vertical (BPPV)	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		NosebleedCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Neck pain	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."		PainEnoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		FeverZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		HeadacheLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Diabetic kidney disease	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Weight lossOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		CoughCiprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Frequent urination	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		PalpitationsAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		ToothacheMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Trichomonas infection	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		MigraineLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	West Nile virus	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Emotional symptomsAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Chest painMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		RestlessnessHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		Itching of skinProchlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."		Methotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Systemic lupus erythematosis (SLE)	Diphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Itching of skin	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		PainGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Double visionGlipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Pick disease	Oxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the facial bones	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		CoughLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		ParesthesiaDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Itching of skin"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Gestational diabetes	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		ConjunctivitisEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Leptospirosis	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Clotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Onychomycosis	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		VomitingDiazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Torticollis	Travoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Dry eye of unknown cause	Etodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	West Nile virus	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Multiple sclerosis	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Drug abuse (methamphetamine)	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		ConstipationPrednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Acute bronchospasm	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Neck painPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		NauseaRabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Hoarse voice	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Urinary tract infectionPneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Diaper rash	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Croup	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		CoughAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Bipolar disorder	Clotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Athlete's foot	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Decreased heart ratePovidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the face	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Developmental disability	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		ConstipationTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Eczema	Phenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Cataract	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Chest painRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		CoughQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		PalpitationsQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Swollen lymph nodesRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Sarcoidosis	Metoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Nausea	Cefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Nasal congestion	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		HypernatremiaInsulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Diabetic kidney disease	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Viral hepatitis	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		PalpitationsHydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Allergy	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		FeverOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Pick disease	Orphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Chronic back pain	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		SeizuresDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Back painLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		HeadacheNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Smoking problems	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		IndigestionLatanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).		Phenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Diminished vision	Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Low back pain	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		CoughSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Impotence	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Nasal congestionPhentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Obesity	Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."		Symptoms of the breastDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Joint painLidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."		Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Mastectomy	Eszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Rabies	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		PainFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Leptospirosis	Sucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Niacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Hyperlipidemia	Pyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Coagulation (bleeding) disorder	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Joint painFluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Vaginal yeast infection	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Painful menstruation"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Metastatic cancer	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		ConstipationOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		AnxietyOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		Abdominal painIrbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Bladder obstruction	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		FatigueLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Abdominal painProparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	Nortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Irritable bowel syndrome	Indomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Foot or toe pain	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		ConstipationInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Urinary tract infectionLevofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Prostatitis	Propofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Cholecystitis	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Restless leg syndrome	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Skin rashRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		NauseaPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	Meloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Osteoarthritis	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		SweatingTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		HeadacheTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		SweatingAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Heart attack (MI)Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Chondromalacia of the patella	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Vaginal dischargeThyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Graves disease	Clobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Psoriasis	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound of the finger	Bupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Spondylosis	Azithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Chlamydia	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		VomitingTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		PainPromethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."	Persistent vomiting of unknown cause	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Cramps and spasmsRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Urinary tract infectionCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		Back painModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		PalpitationsTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Skin rashFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Fat embolism	Ranitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Poisoning due to antimicrobial drugs	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		FluRosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Hyperlipidemia	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."	Typhoid fever	Ceftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Urethritis	Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Stomach bloating	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Moxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Cataract	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Stiffness all overMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Back painBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Leptospirosis	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Frequent urination	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		FlatulenceBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Tinnitus of unknown causeHyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."		Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Depression	Divalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Bipolar disorder	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	Cephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."		Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Itching of skinDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		AnxietyAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		ParesthesiaBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		FlushingLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Cardiomyopathy	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Shortness of breathFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Abdominal painBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Delusions or hallucinations	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Vaginal dischargeCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		VomitingOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Painful menstruationOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		HeadachePhenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Blood in urine	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		PainNalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."		Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Pick disease	Fluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Atrial flutter	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		MyoclonusErythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Corneal abrasion	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		CoughAmoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Otitis media	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Blastomycosis	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		ConstipationCarvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Ischemic heart disease	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		ConstipationDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		NauseaDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Parkinson disease	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Pick disease	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		HypokalemiaTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		NosebleedRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Blastomycosis	"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Diabetic ketoacidosis	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Cerebral palsy	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Allergic reaction	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Developmental disability	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Persistent vomiting of unknown cause	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Infectious gastroenteritis	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Itching of unknown causeLithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Temper problems	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		EczemaMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Alzheimer disease	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		CoughDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		CoryzaAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		CoughAscorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Rabies	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		HyponatremiaIndomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Foot or toe swelling	Valacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		PharyngitisMycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Myasthenia gravis	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Cramps and spasmsLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		CoughPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Parkinson disease	Nystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the skin	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Excessive urination at night	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		FlatulenceRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Back painCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		VomitingPrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Abdominal painTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		AllergyFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		FluIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		High blood pressureSitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."		Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		DiarrheaFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		HeadacheOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		PainTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		Sore throatDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Dissociative disorder	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Dysthymic disorder	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Arrhythmia	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Social phobia	Folic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Alcoholic liver disease	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Cardiomyopathy	Etodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Pick disease	Irbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Polycythemia vera	Ketoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Itching of skin	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin lesion	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Redness in earModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Contact dermatitisQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Restless leg syndromeLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		RestlessnessBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Crohn disease	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Frontal headache	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Panic disorder	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		WeaknessLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Meningioma	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Nasal congestionMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Yeast infectionLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		FatigueMethadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Drug abuse	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		SweatingLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Abdominal painRosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Hypertensive heart disease	Pseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Nasal congestion	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Decreased appetiteLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		ConstipationBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		WeaknessSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Psychosexual disorder	Tiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Myelodysplastic syndrome	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		FatigueCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		High blood pressureOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Frequent urination	Amitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Peripheral nerve disorder	Lisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Erectile dysfunctionTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Otitis mediaSucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Gastritis	Povidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the head	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Increased heart ratePramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		VomitingChickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Leptospirosis	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Neck painAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		VomitingPhenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Spots or clouds in vision	Ciprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Suprapubic pain	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		FeverOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		VomitingDocusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Intestinal obstruction	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		InsomniaAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		GastritisOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		ToothacheEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		HeadacheMorphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Volvulus	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		HeadacheTravoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Diminished vision	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Frontal headache	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Mouth drynessAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Muscle painAzelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Deviated nasal septum	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Mouth drynessRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Peripheral edemaBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Personality disorder	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."		Itching of skinDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		DiarrheaOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		DiarrheaTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Tension headache	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Shortness of breathLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		RestlessnessTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Decreased heart rateBupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Open wound of the finger	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Itching of unknown causeZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Insomnia	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Erectile dysfunctionAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		FlatulenceDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Vitamin B12 deficiency	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Abdominal distentionPseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Acute sinusitis	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Anxiety and nervousness	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Involuntary urinationLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		HeadacheAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."		PalpitationsDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Insect bite	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Redness in earPsyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."		Nitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Ischemic heart disease	Sucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Upper abdominal pain	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		FeverTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Metformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Blastomycosis	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	Unpredictable menstruation	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Personality disorder	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Nasal congestionTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		CoughNalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	West Nile virus	Phentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Pick disease	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Weight lossDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		ConstipationAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		PainVitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."		Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Abnormal breathing sounds	Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Central atherosclerosis	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Irritable bowel syndrome	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Itching of unknown causeParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		HeadacheVitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Testicular disorder	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin pigmentation disorder	Metformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Buspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Anxiety	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Vitamin D deficiency	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Abnormal involuntary movements	Metformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Rabies	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Tinnitus of unknown causeParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		InsomniaTretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		Heart failureEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Fat embolism	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Pain in gumsRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Muscle painAcyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Bell palsy	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Retention of urine	Cefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Acute otitis media	Methocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Sprain or strain	Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Alopecia	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		Joint painMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		PainMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		IndigestionPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		FlatulenceMethadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Thiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."		Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Shortness of breathLidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Female genitalia infection	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		WeaknessPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		PainTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		DiarrheaTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Symptoms of prostate	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		NauseaBimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diminished vision	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Abdominal painAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	Azithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Congestion in chest	Ezetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Ischemic heart disease	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Allergy	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Vaginal dischargePrednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Allergy	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		PainTropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Hemorrhoids	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Leg painTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Migraine	Indomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Joint effusion	Phentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Vitamin D deficiency	Ranitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Posture problems	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Atropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."		Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Bone disorder	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		NauseaZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		AllergyMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Unpredictable menstruation	Sodium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sodium-chloride	Sodium Chloride (Deep Sea)	"Also known as Nephramine, Trophamine, Clinimix E 4.25/5, Clinimix E 2.75/5, Clinimix E 2.75/10, Clinimix E 4.25/25, Clinimix E 5/15, Clinimix E 5/20, Clinimix E 5/25, and Clinimix E 5/35"	"Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chloride. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. As the major ingredient in edible salt, it is commonly used as a condiment and food preservative."	Dumping syndrome	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		PainEzetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Hyperlipidemia	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Mouth drynessQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Erectile dysfunctionAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Redness in earPneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Seborrheic dermatitis	Digoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Mitral valve disease	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		SweatingRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Varicose veinsGentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Swollen eye	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		DiarrheaValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Primary kidney disease	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		FatigueLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Upper abdominal painLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		EczemaValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Rabies	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		GastritisDiazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Back cramps or spasms	Irbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Pick disease	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Skin rashTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		NauseaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		SweatingDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis	Nortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Orthostatic hypotension	Triamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Pick disease	Promethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."	Vomiting	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		FlushingMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		WeaknessMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		NauseaLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		WeaknessRitonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Genital herpes	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		HeadacheBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		PainOxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Nasal congestionPhentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."		Prednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Croup	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		FatigueBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Complex regional pain syndrome	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Ovarian cystEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Unpredictable menstruationValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Blastomycosis	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain in eye	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Involuntary urinationIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		ConstipationOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		PainHaloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Hostile behavior	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Iridocyclitis	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Leptospirosis	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Vitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."		Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Seasonal allergies (hay fever) (Hay Fever)Ascorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."		Hyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Crohn disease	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		Skin rashSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Erectile dysfunction	Benztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Hostile behavior	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Abdominal painValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Leptospirosis	Oxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Heart attack	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Neck stiffness or tightnessAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Skin rashParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Panic disorder	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Drug poisoning due to medication	Mycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Viral hepatitis	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		RestlessnessOxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Frontal headache	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Pick disease	Thyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Thyroid cancer	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Psychotic disorder	Epoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Chronic kidney disease	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Pelvic inflammatory disease	Hydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Contact dermatitis	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		AnxietyTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Contact dermatitis	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Wheezing	Solifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Prostate cancer	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		InsomniaTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		NauseaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Social phobia	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		RestlessnessNiacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Ischemic heart disease	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		VomitingErythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Swollen eye	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Decreased appetitePrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diminished vision	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lacrimation	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Magnesium deficiency	Phentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Weight gain	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Premenstrual tension syndrome	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Pain or soreness of breast"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Vaginal itching	Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Chronic constipation	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		ConstipationEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		IndigestionHydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Intestinal disease	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		ParesthesiaColchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Leptospirosis	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Uterine fibroids	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		RestlessnessCarisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Degenerative disc disease	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		ParesthesiaAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		NauseaZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Delusions or hallucinations	Penicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Tooth disorder	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		PainDarbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Acute kidney injury	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		NauseaEszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Acute stress reaction	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		RestlessnessParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Back painOmega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Hyperlipidemia	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		HeadacheSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		AnxietyAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Stiffness all overPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin lesion	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Gallbladder disease	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Indigestion	Clobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Panic disorder	Mycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Kidney failure	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Mouth drynessDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Lewy body dementia	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		AnemiaMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		VomitingIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Angina	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Emotional symptomsMethylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Disturbance of smell or taste	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		NauseaDesloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Abnormal size or shape of ear	Oxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute sinusitis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Skin rashNystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		PneumoniaClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		PainBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Glyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		AcneDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Atrial flutter	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Difficulty in swallowingRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		CataractMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		HypoglycemiaAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Weight lossDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		HeadacheAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		AnxietyOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		SweatingGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		ConstipationIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Peripheral arterial disease	Erythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Acne	Povidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the finger	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Kidney failure	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		AnxietyOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		FeverPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Peripheral edemaFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		PainBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		High blood pressureDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		ConstipationDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Cramps and spasmsLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		DiarrheaPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		FatigueMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Pain of the anusAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Emotional symptomsFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		FluAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		InsomniaAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		InsomniaMethotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Ectopic pregnancy	Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		VomitingZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Headache"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."		Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		ConstipationMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		Back painPrednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."		Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Hiatal hernia	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		DiarrheaMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		WeaknessQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		AllergyOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Seizures	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		ConstipationAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Schizophrenia	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Urinary tract infectionZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Indomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Ankylosing spondylitis	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		PainBrimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diminished vision	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Foot or toe pain	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		HeadacheTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Chest painRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		High blood pressureThiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Alcohol abuse	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Cystitis	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Wheezing	Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		NauseaRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		IndigestionGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		AppendicitisRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		WeaknessVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		FatigueTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Primary kidney disease	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Azelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Frontal headache	Vitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Nonalcoholic liver disease (NASH)	Orphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Neck pain	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Sore throatDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Diminished visionSucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Indigestion	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Mouth drynessSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		FlushingLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Chest painTetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Burn	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		PainTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		WeaknessMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		High blood pressureRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		FaintingAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		CoughPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Rabies	Chickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	West Nile virus	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		Mouth drynessBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Difficulty in swallowingHydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Myelodysplastic syndrome	Hydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Peripheral arterial embolism	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		VomitingHaemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Infant spitting up	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Symptoms of prostate	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Valacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Focal weakness	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Rectal disorder (Rectal Disease)Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Itching of skinTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Depression	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Coagulation (bleeding) disorder	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		ConjunctivitisValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		Joint painMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		Shortness of breathQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Pick disease	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		HeadacheAcyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Leukemia	Multivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	West Nile virus	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Obsessions and compulsions	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Anxiety	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Esophageal varices	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Disturbance of memory	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		NauseaGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Skin rashAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Retention of urineModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Mouth drynessCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Sciatica	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Rabies	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Swollen lymph nodesAscorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."		Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		HeadacheMethadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."		Epoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (COPD)Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		InsomniaEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		AnxietyCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Allergy to animals	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		DiarrheaMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		IndigestionMycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Cirrhosis	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Thirst	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		PneumoniaRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		ConstipationHaloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Drug abuse (cocaine)	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Seizures	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		NauseaBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Retention of urineOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		SneezingCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Rabies	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		PainTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		Redness in earIbuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		Skin lesionFelodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Heart block	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Leg painRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		AnemiaOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Involuntary urinationNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Shortness of breathPrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Diabetic ketoacidosis	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	Fluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	Digoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Atrial fibrillation	Thiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Drug abuse	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Rabies	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		AcneMometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sneezing	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		ParesthesiaClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Acne	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		SweatingLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		Cerebral edemaEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Rabies	Morphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Testicular torsion	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Hemiplegia	"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Myelodysplastic syndrome	Etodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Blastomycosis	Metoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."	Heart attack	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		EczemaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Muscle painPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Varicose veins	Polyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):		Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		HeadacheParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		PainCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		FluLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		PainBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		InsomniaFolic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Alcohol intoxication	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		PalpitationsTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		PharyngitisAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Rabies	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Personality disorderBuspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."		Human Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	Painful menstruation	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		NauseaOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		HeadacheDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	West Nile virus	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blastomycosis	Rosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Ischemic heart disease	Hydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."		CoughPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Head and neck cancer	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		RestlessnessCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		Urinary tract infectionQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		HypothyroidismZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		PriapismQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		MigraineTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Liver cancer	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	West Nile virus	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		AllergyVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		HeadacheAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Heart blockDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Prednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Envenomation from spider or animal bite	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Decreased heart rateVitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Myelodysplastic syndrome	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		VaginitisMetronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal itching	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Breathing fast	Tretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Itching of skinCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		CoughModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		RestlessnessDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		NauseaRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		AnginaThyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."		Atropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Eye alignment disorder	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		NosebleedRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		WeaknessMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		High blood pressureNystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Yeast infection	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		NauseaCarisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Neck pain	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Chest painRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		NauseaAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Paget disease	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Skin rashTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		VomitingPrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain in eye	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		NauseaEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		InsomniaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Back painHaemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rabies	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		SleepinessTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Increased sensationOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Neck stiffness or tightnessNifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."		Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Heart failureModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Seasonal allergies (hay fever) (Hay Fever)Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Social phobia	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		FatigueOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Hyperemesis gravidarum	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		VomitingRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		MigraineRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Rabies	Fluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		Mouth drynessClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Skin rashBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Wheezing	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		WeaknessTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		Mouth drynessTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Pleural effusionPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		Abdominal painTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		FlushingTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		DiarrheaValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		HyperkalemiaValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Cold sore	Guaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Acute sinusitis	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		Peripheral edemaMontelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Nasal polyp	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		WeaknessAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Decreased heart rateOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Ear painInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Diabetes	Chickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Chickenpox	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Hyperlipidemia	Tretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin pigmentation disorder	Glyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Autonomic nervous system disorder	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) (Reflux)Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."		HeadacheTetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Pain in eye	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Double visionAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		HeadacheDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Pain in eyeCephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		DiarrheaMeclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Diabetes	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Muscle painOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		PainPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Diminished visionMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Leptospirosis	Rosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Rabies	Propofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Knee ligament or meniscus tear	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		HeadacheNalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Pick disease	Psyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Chronic constipation	Fluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."		Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		ParesthesiaRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Muscle stiffness or tightnessCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		High blood pressureFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Diminished visionDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		FluOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		InsomniaDicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Gallstone	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		PharyngitisNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Blastomycosis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		High blood pressureSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		Abdominal painIbuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		Peripheral edemaEnoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Sharp chest pain	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Spondylosis	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		VaginitisBudesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Metastatic cancer	Mycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."		Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		FluPropofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Cataract	Ciprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Blood in urine	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Menstrual symptomsLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Skin rashGentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Multiple myeloma	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Emotional symptomsCephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Open wound of the finger	Phenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Epilepsy	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Acute sinusitis	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Psyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Constipation	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Vaginal dryness	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Dissociative disorder	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Frontal headacheBenzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Coughing up sputum	Methotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Leukemia	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Delirium	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Itchiness of eye	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		HeadacheKetoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."		Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		NauseaBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cytomegalovirus infection	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Hot flashesPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		HeadacheGuaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Acute bronchitis	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Emotional symptomsTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		IndigestionPneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Teething syndrome	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	Hypertensive heart disease	Amlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	Paget disease	Glipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	West Nile virus	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		High blood pressureClarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."		NauseaOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Problems with movementDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		IndigestionDexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."		CataractRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Diabetic kidney disease	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		Mouth drynessVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		NauseaParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Idiopathic excessive menstruationTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		NauseaDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Alzheimer disease	Sodium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sodium-chloride	Sodium Chloride (Deep Sea)	"Also known as Nephramine, Trophamine, Clinimix E 4.25/5, Clinimix E 2.75/5, Clinimix E 2.75/10, Clinimix E 4.25/25, Clinimix E 5/15, Clinimix E 5/20, Clinimix E 5/25, and Clinimix E 5/35"	"Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chloride. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. As the major ingredient in edible salt, it is commonly used as a condiment and food preservative."	Carcinoid syndrome	Sucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Esophagitis	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Colonic polyp	Docusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Constipation	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		ConstipationAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	Hypertensive heart disease	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		AnemiaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Glucocorticoid deficiency	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Dysthymic disorder	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Otitis mediaCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		DiarrheaTiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Phenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Diabetic retinopathy	Acyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Shingles (herpes zoster)	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		Itching of skinFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Skin rashGlimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Disturbance of smell or taste	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		PolyuriaDiazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Labyrinthitis	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Essential tremor	Tolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Multiple sclerosis	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		ToothacheLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		FatigueBupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Knee ligament or meniscus tear	Felodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Aortic valve disease	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Vaginal drynessRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Neck painMontelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Asthma	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		InsomniaTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Kidney failure	Haloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Bipolar disorder	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Chronic kidney disease	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Pain or soreness of breastFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		NauseaIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Hypertensive heart disease	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Abdominal painTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Unpredictable menstruationTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Amblyopia"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Diabetic kidney disease	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Pyelonephritis	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		WeaknessVitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Vitamin B12 deficiency	Metaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Back pain	Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Blastomycosis	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Joint painTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Symptoms of eye	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		VomitingClobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		FlatulenceOlopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		InsomniaDesloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Deviated nasal septum	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Pulmonary embolismClobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		DiarrheaBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Redness in earEtodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Temporomandibular joint disorder	Valacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Bell palsy	Fluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Difficulty in swallowingDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		PalpitationsBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		HeadacheTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Breast cancer	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		HirsutismLithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		PainQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Skin rashMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		DiarrheaMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Itching of skinEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Decreased appetiteBenazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	Rabies	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Joint painGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		ConstipationPneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Symptoms of infants	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		HeadacheQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Stiffness all overLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Panic disorder	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Muscle painBuspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Depression	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		WeaknessRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		FatigueAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Upper abdominal painMagnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Preeclampsia	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Liver cancer	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	Leptospirosis	Tolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Involuntary urination	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Corneal abrasion	Mupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Infant feeding problem	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		CystitisFurosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spots or clouds in vision	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Chest painBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		High blood pressureVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Decreased heart rateClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		CoughTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Blastomycosis	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginitis	Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Disturbance of memory	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Increased heart rateLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		WeaknessBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Multiple sclerosis	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Multiple myeloma	Penicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Toothache	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		VomitingInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Bones are painfulBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		VomitingRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		FeverDivalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Delusions or hallucinations	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		ConjunctivitisPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		ConstipationMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		CoughTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		PharyngitisMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."		Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Heart failure	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Subarachnoid hemorrhage	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	West Nile virus	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Hypokalemia	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		CoryzaHydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Skin rash	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		DiarrheaPolyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Constipation	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		FeverRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Bones are painfulCarvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia	Loperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Colonic polyp	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Hypercalcemia	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."		High blood pressureZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		RestlessnessWarfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Cardiomyopathy	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Pseudotumor cerebri	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Brain cancer	Povidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Ingrown toe nail	Pseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Chronic sinusitis	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Urinary tract infection	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		VomitingCefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Pulling at ears	"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Overflow incontinence	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."		Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		ArrhythmiaAmiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Ischemic heart disease	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Diabetic retinopathy	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		AnxietyHydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Itching of skin	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		FeverLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		PharyngitisPneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."		Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Lumbago	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Urinary tract infectionMorphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Pneumothorax	Acyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Genital herpes	Acyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		FluDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Cardiac arrest	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sneezing	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Blastomycosis	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		HeartburnLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Back painMethotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Osteoporosis	Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		Muscle painValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Hypertensive heart disease	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		FeverMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Stomach bloatingCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		WeaknessSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Pain disorder affecting the neck	Guaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Cough	Olmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Rabies	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Bipolar disorder	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Parkinson disease	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Low urine outputMycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Chronic kidney disease	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		FlushingAmitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP)	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Painful menstruationQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Orthostatic hypotensionPsyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Hemorrhoids	Metoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Cystitis	Hyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Irritable bowel syndrome	Rotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Diaper rash	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		HeadacheTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		VomitingTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Pituitary disorder	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		DiarrheaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		AmblyopiaPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Back painLatanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Acute glaucoma	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Viral hepatitis	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	Pyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Tuberculosis	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Atrial fibrillation	Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Hiatal hernia	Bumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Cardiomyopathy	Amoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Acute sinusitis	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Restless leg syndrome	Mupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		ConstipationSucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."		Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Chronic sinusitis	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		AmblyopiaTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		FatigueQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		HeadacheHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."		WeaknessBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Muscle spasm	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		MyoclonusAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Disturbance of memoryIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Cardiomyopathy	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain in eye	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Urinary tract infection	Methadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Drug abuse	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Emotional symptomsSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Hyperlipidemia	Metoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Blastomycosis	Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Heart block	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		PharyngitisCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		IndigestionQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.		Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		ConjunctivitisDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		PainAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Erectile dysfunctionVitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Fibrocystic breast disease	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		WeaknessOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		WeaknessDocusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Uterine contractions	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Peripheral arterial disease	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Otitis mediaSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Symptoms of prostate	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Fever	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		FluVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Peripheral edemaAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Hostile behavior	Hydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Injury to the hip	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Symptoms of prostate	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Abdominal distentionPolyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Blood in stool	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Painful urinationIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		FluBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Diverticulitis	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Burn	Folic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Sickle cell crisis	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		FlushingSilver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteomyelitis	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Sneezing	Phenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Pick disease	"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Decubitus ulcer	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Eating disorder	Tetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Eye redness	Spironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Ischemic heart disease	Nifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Pulmonary hypertension	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Abdominal painHydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Hypertension of pregnancy	Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Constipation	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		High blood pressureMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		InsomniaMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Eye redness	Nortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Rabies	Solifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Suprapubic pain	Telmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Autism	Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Nifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Potassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Aortic valve disease	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		NauseaThyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Hypothyroidism	Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		Cramps and spasmsNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Smoking or tobacco addiction	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		PainDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		RestlessnessMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		DiarrheaMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Neck pain	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Vaginal bleedingRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Atrial fibrillation (AF)Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		IndigestionAmoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."		Abdominal painPioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Folate deficiency	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Hiatal hernia	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		AnxietyEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		PharyngitisPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		FlatulenceLevofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."		Symptoms of the breastAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Uterine cancer	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		Redness in earTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Ringing in earEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		Abdominal painMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Muscle spasm	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		WeaknessLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Telmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."		PainOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Decreased appetitePhenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Myopia	Phentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Excessive appetite	Rosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Hypercholesterolemia	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Aortic valve disease	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Erectile dysfunctionQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		WeaknessBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Overflow incontinence	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		AsthmaTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Itching of unknown causeEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		NauseaAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		PharyngitisSitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Diabetic kidney disease	Propranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Essential tremor	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		MigraineMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		Muscle painParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Premature ejaculation	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Fibromyalgia	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Epilepsy	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."		HeadacheOxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Pulmonary fibrosis	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Itching of unknown causeValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		DiarrheaCarisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."		SleepinessFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nasal polyp	Amlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	Pus in urine	Hydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	Leptospirosis	Rotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Cryptorchidism	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Shortness of breathMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Back painBetamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Itching of skin	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Personality disorder	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Narcolepsy	Promethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."	Hyperemesis gravidarum	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Increased heart ratePotassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."		Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		PainGuaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Coryza	Irbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Polycystic kidney disease	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		PainLoperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Leptospirosis	Bacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Burn	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		CoughAmoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Scarlet fever	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Eating disorder	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Wheezing	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Common coldOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		CoughPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		Yeast infectionNystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Alcohol withdrawal	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Macular degeneration	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Mouth drynessTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Eating disorder	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tuberculosis	Phentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Leptospirosis	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Chest painRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		HeadacheBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		High blood pressureEzetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Subarachnoid hemorrhage	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Chest painDexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Metastatic cancer	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		FluOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		PneumoniaFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	West Nile virus	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Urinary tract infectionMethadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Drug abuse (opioids)	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		FluOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Chest painTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		ParesthesiaDesloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Pick disease	Fluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystic Fibrosis	Diazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Spondylitis	Bumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Leg swelling	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Erectile dysfunctionFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Joint painLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Erectile dysfunctionRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Depression	Tolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Frequent urination	Dexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Multiple myeloma	Niacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		PainRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Dementia	Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		HeadacheDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		ParesthesiaLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		ParesthesiaVancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Postoperative infection	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Mouth drynessEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		DiarrheaPhentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Hormone disorder	Multivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Pick disease	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Abdominal painModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Skin rashAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		WeaknessPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		FatigueGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		HeadacheTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		DiarrheaTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Impotence	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Felodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Dementia	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	White discharge from eye	Tretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne	Hydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."		NauseaMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		SneezingAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		FeverPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Hyperlipidemia	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	Leptospirosis	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		AtelectasisBudesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Nasal congestionMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Itching of skinTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Urinary tract obstruction	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Cramps and spasmsAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	West Nile virus	Phenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Meningitis	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stenosis of the tear duct	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		NauseaFelodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Bladder cancer	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		WeaknessMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Blood in stool	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	West Nile virus	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	West Nile virus	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Hot flashesMontelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."		Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cryptorchidism	Thyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Toxic multinodular goiter	Warfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		FeverMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Pain in eye	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		DiarrheaCiprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"		Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		FatigueRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Sinus congestionLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		AnemiaTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		Nasal congestionLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		VomitingTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		IndigestionOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		Itching of unknown causeZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Muscle painDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		Itching of unknown causeTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		ThrombocytopeniaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Bipolar disorder	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Mouth drynessRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Itching of unknown causeFurosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Aortic valve disease	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		AcneModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Decreased appetiteSodium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sodium-chloride	Sodium Chloride (Deep Sea)	"Also known as Nephramine, Trophamine, Clinimix E 4.25/5, Clinimix E 2.75/5, Clinimix E 2.75/10, Clinimix E 4.25/25, Clinimix E 5/15, Clinimix E 5/20, Clinimix E 5/25, and Clinimix E 5/35"	"Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chloride. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. As the major ingredient in edible salt, it is commonly used as a condiment and food preservative."	Elbow cramps or spasms	Propofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	Ranitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.		Prochlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Migraine	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		FlatulenceGlyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Polyuria	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		NauseaHepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Tropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Autism	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		WeaknessEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		Itching of skinDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Weight lossFelodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	West Nile virus	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		Skin rashTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Retention of urine	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Osteoporosis	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Swollen lymph nodesTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		NightmaresLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Muscle painRotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Teething syndrome	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Fatigue	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Heart failureEpoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Anemia	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Lumbago	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		Abdominal painQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Retinopathy due to high blood pressure	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		HeadacheAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Decreased appetiteNitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		HeadacheAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		NightmaresRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Difficulty in swallowingDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		RestlessnessOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Ache all over	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		HeadacheRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Delusions or hallucinations	Fluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Vaginal itching	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Pus in urineDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Personality disorder	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Intestinal malabsorption	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Diminished visionDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		WeaknessEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Drug reaction	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		RegurgitationAmiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		SchizophreniaCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Abdominal painOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Personality disorder	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		AnginaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		VomitingInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		FluDexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."		Pain in eyePaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		ThrombocytopeniaHepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		Mouth drynessTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Peripheral edemaCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Cerebral palsy	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		ConstipationAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		SleepinessRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Peripheral nerve disorder	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Hot flashes	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		NauseaModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		FatigueMorphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Sickle cell crisis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Mitral valve disease	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		ChillsQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Tooth abscessAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		SleepinessFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		IndigestionInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		AsthmaAmoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."		DiarrheaColchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Joint pain	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Toothache	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (SVT)Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Itching of skinCiprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Cystitis	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Hysterical behavior	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Metastatic cancer	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Drainage in throatDivalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Schizophrenia	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Sore throatCeftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Pelvic inflammatory disease	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Mouth drynessBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."	Decubitus ulcer	Olmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Blastomycosis	Divalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."		Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Diverticulosis	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Urinary tract infectionDesloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Rosacea	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Ringing in earPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		IndigestionGlyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Thirst	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Seborrheic dermatitisAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		FluDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Painful menstruationAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Shortness of breathSodium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sodium-chloride	Sodium Chloride (Deep Sea)	"Also known as Nephramine, Trophamine, Clinimix E 4.25/5, Clinimix E 2.75/5, Clinimix E 2.75/10, Clinimix E 4.25/25, Clinimix E 5/15, Clinimix E 5/20, Clinimix E 5/25, and Clinimix E 5/35"	"Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chloride. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. As the major ingredient in edible salt, it is commonly used as a condiment and food preservative."	Emphysema	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		ParesthesiaAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		MelenaTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Seborrheic dermatitis	Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Symptoms of prostate	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		RestlessnessAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		RestlessnessOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Cough	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Developmental disability	Epoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Osteoporosis	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Bone disorder	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		FlatulenceVitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Peyronie disease	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Abnormal appearing skinOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Delusions or hallucinations	Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Hemorrhoids	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Chronic glaucoma	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		FluMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Decreased appetiteRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Involuntary urinationFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Social phobia	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Hostile behaviorFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Retention of urineNabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Plantar fasciitis	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Increased heart rateCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Polymyalgia rheumatica	Lactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."		Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Excessive urination at night	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Muscle painColchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		FatigueMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		CoughFurosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Heart failure	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Urinary tract infectionClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		FeverEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Pain during intercourse	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Increased heart rateDocusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Chronic constipation	Potassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Atrial fibrillation	Hydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin rash	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		NauseaBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		AmblyopiaRotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		Itching of unknown causeThiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	Solifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		FeverCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Epilepsy	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Mouth drynessVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Eating disorder	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Depression	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Sneezing	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Itching of skinRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		FaintingLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		HeadacheFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		VomitingModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		FluAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Psychotic disorder	Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Bladder obstruction	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Leptospirosis	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		NauseaPhenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Intracerebral hemorrhage	Sitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Restless leg syndrome	Vitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Sick sinus syndrome	Dexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Colorectal cancer	Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."		Itching of unknown causeAspirin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aspirin	Aspirin	"Also known as Aspergum, Empirin, and Ecotrin"	"Aspirin (USAN), also known as acetylsalicylic acid (/__s_t_l_sæl__s_l_k/ _-SET-_l-SAL-i-SIL-ik; abbreviated ASA), is a salicylate drug, often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains, as an antipyretic to reduce fever, and as an anti-inflammatory medication. Aspirin was first isolated by Felix Hoffmann, a chemist with the German company Bayer in 1897."	Angina	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		PalpitationsLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Menstrual symptomsPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		HeadacheLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		DiarrheaAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		AnginaKetorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Meckel diverticulum	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Developmental disability	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Tension headacheOxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Angina	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		Cardiac arrestMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Marijuana abuse	Nystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	West Nile virus	Fluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		ChillsAmiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		NauseaAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Increased sensationSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Migraine	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		PainZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Abdominal painOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		NauseaIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		VomitingPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Neuralgia	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Blastomycosis	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Fosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Endometrial cancer	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		Kidney failureHuman Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."		Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Mouth drynessZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		AnxietyTropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diminished vision	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		CoughHydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Blastomycosis	Thyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Hypothyroidism	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Rabies	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		Urinary tract infectionBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		FlatulenceVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		PalpitationsLoperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."		NauseaRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		ConjunctivitisLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		FatigueRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."		HypoglycemiaOlopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Substance-related mental disorder	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Drug abuse (methamphetamine)	Glipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Posture problems	Phenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Subdural hemorrhage	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Personality disorder	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Shortness of breathNifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Diabetic kidney disease	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		Increased heart rateRanitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Infant spitting up	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Nasal congestionHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	West Nile virus	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		FlatulenceInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		High blood pressureCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Cystic Fibrosis	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Urge incontinence	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Asthma	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		AnxietyPhenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Rabies	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Deviated nasal septum	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		FluAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		ThrombophlebitisZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		VomitingTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"Rabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Buspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Panic disorder	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Itching of unknown causeBudesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystic Fibrosis	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		DiarrheaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		AllergyMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Personality disorder	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Valacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		Abdominal painDexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Metformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Posture problems	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		HeadacheMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		ChillsLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Disturbance of memoryGlipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Diabetes	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		AnxietyDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Spondylolisthesis	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Gum disease	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		InsomniaBimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetic retinopathy	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Joint painMethylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.		Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Erectile dysfunctionPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Shortness of breathNaproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Wrist stiffness or tightness	Petrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Peripheral arterial disease	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Joint painSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		DiarrheaBuspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Dysthymic disorder	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		HeadacheTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Urinary tract infectionIbuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."	Chancroid	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Fat embolism	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		NauseaThyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Graves disease	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Meclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Pick disease	Nortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Fibromyalgia	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		FatigueMetaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Low back pain	Tolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Urge incontinence	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		TorticollisDexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Breast cancer	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Abdominal painPenicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Tooth abscess	Thiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Delusions or hallucinations	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Urinary tract infectionRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		FatigueOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		ParesthesiaBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Ringing in earQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Leptospirosis	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic ulcer	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		Back painPyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Subacute thyroiditis	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		IndigestionPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Vomiting blood	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Erectile dysfunctionAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		PallorDiazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	Muscle spasm	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Flushing"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."		Triamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Itching of skin	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Angina	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Decreased heart rateLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		NauseaRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		FluMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		SweatingFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Hypercholesterolemia	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Central atherosclerosis	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Diminished visionDarbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."		Rosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Diabetes	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Double visionAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		IndigestionOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	West Nile virus	Pseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Nose disorder	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		HeadachePravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Skin rashAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		VomitingRotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."		Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		FlushingBenazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."		CoughLevofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."		Skin rashDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		FeverLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		High blood pressureDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		InsomniaCiprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Pyelonephritis	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		FatigueTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."		Back painMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Hypertensive heart disease	Omeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	West Nile virus	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		DiarrheaTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		HyperlipidemiaNabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Degenerative disc disease	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Somatization disorder	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Abdominal painHaloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Schizophrenia	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		FatiguePhenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Developmental disability	Niacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Blastomycosis	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Frequent urinationAmoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."		PainOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		PneumoniaAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	West Nile virus	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Muscle painPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Melena	Chickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Pick disease	Penicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Strep throat	Methylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)	Rabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Ulcerative colitis	Rabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Blastomycosis	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Depression	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Bone disorder	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Benign vaginal discharge (leukorrhea)	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Bone disorder	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pick disease	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Rectal disorder (Rectal Disease)Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."		PainMorphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Dislocation of the hip	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		FluAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Hot flashes	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		HypoglycemiaDicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Upper abdominal pain	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		SweatingEnoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Pulmonary embolism	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Painful sinuses	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Atrophic vaginitis	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		IndigestionPropranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."		ConstipationMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Painful menstruationModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		IndigestionLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Leg cramps or spasmsIndomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Pericarditis	Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Sjogren syndrome	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Malignant hypertension	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		VaginitisEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Diminished visionLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Joint painLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		PalpitationsSitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Rabies	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		StrokeAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Epoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Multiple myeloma	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Contact dermatitisTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		HeadacheOlmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."		Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		AllergyLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Intracerebral hemorrhage	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		PainIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Nasal congestionLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		WeaknessDutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Retention of urine	Lactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Viral hepatitis	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Increased heart rateClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Urinary tract infectionThyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Thyroid disease	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Skin rashMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Avascular necrosis	Bupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Dental caries	Epinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Croup	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Panic disorderAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		PainBacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound of the hand	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Muscle painBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Psychotic disorder	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cryptorchidism	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		DiarrheaFluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Vaginal discharge	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		NauseaTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Mouth drynessMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Salivary gland disorder	Hydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		NauseaDexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ovarian cancer	Promethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."	Nausea	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Abdominal painTolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."		Lisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		CoughRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Ischemic heart disease	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		FaintingQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	West Nile virus	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Heavy menstrual flow	Allopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Diabetic kidney disease	Ascorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Blastomycosis	Cefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Chronic sinusitis	Pyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Pick disease	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Leptospirosis	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		FlatulenceTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		VomitingFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		PainZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		ConstipationClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Autism	Cefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Injury to the finger	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Diabetic retinopathy	Erythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Stye	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Blastomycosis	Heparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."		Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Leptospirosis	Valsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		Joint painAzithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Coughing up sputum	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		CoughLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Preeclampsia	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		ParesthesiaBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Decreased appetiteTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Orthostatic hypotensionTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Retention of urine	Metoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Pick disease	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		NauseaNitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Angina	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		NauseaDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Cramps and spasmsMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		InsomniaKetoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Skin rash	Azelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergic reaction	Dicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Crohn disease	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Symptoms of the breastBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Peripheral edemaOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Rabies	Cefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Open wound of the back	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Mouth drynessMupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the hair	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		ParesthesiaAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Skin rashDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		ConjunctivitisTretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Metoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."	Histoplasmosis	Amoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Pulling at ears	Hydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		PalpitationsHyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Stomach bloating	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Increased heart rateCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		HeadacheLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Emotional symptomsDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		HeadacheRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		SweatingFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Stricture of the esophagus	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Bone disorder	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Pick disease	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Hypercholesterolemia	Ketoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Athlete's foot	Thyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Hot flashes	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Yeast infectionTriamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		VomitingZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Back painMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Conjunctivitis	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Painful urination	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Low self-esteem	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Metastatic cancer	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		FeverHyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Sharp abdominal pain	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Upper abdominal painAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		MigraineCephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Open wound of the foot	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		ParesthesiaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Low self-esteem	Azithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."		Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Chest painTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Gastrointestinal hemorrhage (GI Bleeding)Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Diminished visionCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Blastomycosis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		InsomniaHepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blastomycosis	Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."		Azithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Urethritis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Muscle stiffness or tightnessBacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound of the head	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		ConstipationBisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Blastomycosis	Heparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Sharp chest pain	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Asthma	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Back painAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	High blood pressure	Mupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Decubitus ulcer	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		ParesthesiaHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		NauseaClarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Congestion in chest	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Conduct disorder	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		AsthmaPhenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Frequent urination	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Connective tissue disorder (Connective Tissue Disease)Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Diabetic kidney disease	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Shortness of breathValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		HeadacheAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		HeadacheSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Blastomycosis	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		InsomniaPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		InsomniaRabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."		Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		ConstipationOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Peripheral edemaAcetaminophen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acetaminophen	Acetaminophen	Also known as Tylenol	"Paracetamol INN , or acetaminophen USAN i/__si_t__m_n_f_n/, chemically named N-acetyl-p-aminophenol, is a widely used over-the-counter analgesic (pain reliever) and antipyretic (fever reducer)."	Dengue fever	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Increased heart rateInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		CataractEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		Itching of unknown causeTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Vaginal bleedingOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Personality disorderGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		EczemaTriamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Heart block	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		Upper abdominal painFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Itching of unknown causeHydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Itching of skin	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Peripheral arterial disease	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.		Cefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Otitis media	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."		Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		HeartburnBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Bipolar disorder	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		Involuntary urinationGlyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Gestational diabetes	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Prostate cancer	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Diabetic retinopathy	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	Blastomycosis	Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		SleepinessTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Skin rash	Meclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Benign paroxysmal positional vertical (BPPV)	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Peripheral edemaDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		PalpitationsDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Excessive anger	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Insomnia	Diazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diazepam	Diazepam (Valium)	Also known as Valium	"Diazepam , first marketed as Valium  by Hoffmann-La Roche, is a benzodiazepine drug."	"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Lewy body dementia	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Otitis mediaLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Alcohol withdrawal	Docusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Anal fissure	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."		Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Anemia of chronic disease	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		IndigestionEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Dysthymic disorder	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		IndigestionDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Delirium	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		HyperkalemiaLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		HeadacheTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		PharyngitisBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Developmental disability	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Mastectomy	Metaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."		Azelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Atropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Pain in eye	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Muscular dystrophy	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		FatigueTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Chest painOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Back painOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Psychotic disorder	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Disturbance of memoryCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Joint painInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Diabetic retinopathy	Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Spinal stenosis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		AnemiaTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		ChickenpoxIndomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."		Latanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Chronic glaucoma	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Drug withdrawal	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Herniated disk	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		FluPantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Esophagitis	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Sepsis	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Blastomycosis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		CoughClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Asperger syndrome	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Bone cancer	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Itching of skinMometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Deviated nasal septum	Phenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Subarachnoid hemorrhage	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		VomitingEmtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cold sore	Nabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Psychotic disorder	Propranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Cirrhosis	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Low self-esteem	Heparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Breast cancer	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Upper abdominal painTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Itching of unknown cause	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		FatigueLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		WheezingAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Pelvic painEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Rabies	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Flatulence"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Hot flashes	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Pneumonia	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Menstrual symptomsAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Mouth drynessLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		ParesthesiaHeparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Multiple myeloma	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Subdural hemorrhage	Solifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Bladder disorder	Prednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Bell palsy	Oxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."		Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Hot flashes	Fosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.		FatigueRanitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Gastritis	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		ConstipationRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		FluTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		IndigestionCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		Mouth drynessClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		Itching of unknown causePravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Pick disease	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Weight lossAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		ConstipationMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		Shortness of breathWarfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Aortic valve disease	Hydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Vesicoureteral reflux	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		FeverAtorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Rabies	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Rabies	Phentermine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phentermine	Phentermine	"Also known as Adipex-P, Duromine, Ionamin, Fastin, Obenix, Obephen, Oby-Cap, Oby-Trim, Panshape M, and Phentercot"	"Phentermine, a contraction of ""phenyl-tertiary-butylamine"", is a psychostimulant drug of the phenethylamine class, with pharmacology similar to amphetamine. It is used medically as an appetite suppressant."	Low back stiffness or tightness	Ranitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	West Nile virus	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal discharge	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Upper abdominal painTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		FlushingHepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cytomegalovirus infection	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		PainCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		WeaknessFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		Painful menstruationFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Intestinal obstruction (Bowel Obstruction)Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		PolyuriaPsyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Blood in stool	"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Gastroparesis	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Erectile dysfunctionDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Cramps and spasmsAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		SleepinessAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		WheezingInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		PneumoniaRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Abdominal painMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		FeverOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Incontinence of stoolLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Preoccupation with sex	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		InsomniaAmiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Cardiac arrest	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		ConstipationGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		PharyngitisVitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Crohn disease	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		AnxietyMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		ConstipationEszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Leptospirosis	Polyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Chronic constipation	Montelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Cystic Fibrosis	Prednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Wheezing	Rabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Esophagitis	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		AnxietyBetamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."		Ear painCefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Ear pain	Heparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Colorectal cancer	Betamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	Prednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."		Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		WeaknessCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Hypocalcemia	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Hostile behavior	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Hot flashes	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		HeadacheGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Emotional symptomsPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		PainMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Painful menstruationDivalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Seizures	Tetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Diminished vision	Nifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Chronic kidney disease	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Chest painDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		SweatingDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		FatigueLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		WeaknessHydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Itching of unknown causeParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		FlushingCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Allergy	Rabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Liver cancer	Nystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Blastomycosis	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		DiarrheaMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Painful menstruationVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Retinopathy due to high blood pressure	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		WeaknessTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		SneezingCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		PalpitationsOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		DiarrheaCefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Fracture of the facial bones	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Abnormal urineValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Leukemia	Guaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Nasal congestion	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Abdominal painAmiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		Decreased heart rateClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Pyogenic skin infection	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		ToothacheLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		SeizuresLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Leptospirosis	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Peripheral edemaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		InsomniaRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Ear pain	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Mouth drynessSitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		ConstipationVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Problems with orgasmRosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Central atherosclerosis	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Back painKetoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Fungal infection of the skin	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		DepressionPropranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."		FatigueLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		NauseaNitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."		HeadacheAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Itching of skinBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Yeast infectionDesloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		Insomnia"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Vaginal dryness	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Bones are painfulVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Weight lossLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		NauseaPrednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Asthma	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Difficulty breathing	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Oral thrush (yeast infection)Glyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Recent weight loss	Latanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Glaucoma	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Menopause	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		MigraineLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Hostile behavior	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Decreased appetiteDivalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Psychotic disorder	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Decreased appetiteTriamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Infant spitting up	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Vaginitis	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Flatulence"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		Heart failureLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Pick disease	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Frontal headache	Nitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Sharp chest pain	Lithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Excessive anger	Meclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Meniere disease	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		HeadacheDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		WeaknessMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		Peripheral edemaRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		VomitingThyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Hiatal hernia	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Peripheral edemaTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		PharyngitisLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Mouth drynessCefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Redness in ear	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		HeadacheRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Decreased heart rateLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		VomitingHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Sickle cell crisis	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Cardiomyopathy	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Shortness of breathBenazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."		NauseaLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		CoughAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		NauseaMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Increased heart rateFurosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Cirrhosis	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rosacea	Spironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Heart failure	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Neck painMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Blood in stool	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		HeadacheFolic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Sickle cell anemia	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		VomitingAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Cramps and spasmsLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Skin rashCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Parathyroid adenoma	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		IndigestionTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Blastomycosis	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Gestational diabetes	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		CoughPropranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Hemangioma	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Cramps and spasmsTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Menstrual symptomsZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		NauseaPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Blastomycosis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Skin rashRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		PharyngitisOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		AnxietyMethylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Throat swelling	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Ovarian cancer	Thyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."		Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		PharyngitisColchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		VomitingTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		HeadacheClotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		NauseaGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		HeadacheAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		ArrhythmiaMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Low back pain	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia (VT)Pyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Pancreatic cancer	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	Nifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Hypertension of pregnancy	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Skin rashLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Cystic Fibrosis	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Increased heart rate	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Benzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Frontal headache	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hepatitis due to a toxin	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		RestlessnessSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Mouth dryness"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Leptospirosis	Nystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Balanitis	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Social phobia	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		InsomniaLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	West Nile virus	Multivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Cystic Fibrosis	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Tonsillar hypertrophy	Prednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Systemic lupus erythematosis (SLE)	Amoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Ear pain	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Orthostatic hypotensionAspirin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aspirin	Aspirin	"Also known as Aspergum, Empirin, and Ecotrin"	"Aspirin (USAN), also known as acetylsalicylic acid (/__s_t_l_sæl__s_l_k/ _-SET-_l-SAL-i-SIL-ik; abbreviated ASA), is a salicylate drug, often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains, as an antipyretic to reduce fever, and as an anti-inflammatory medication. Aspirin was first isolated by Felix Hoffmann, a chemist with the German company Bayer in 1897."	Heart attack	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		Itching of skinLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cardiomyopathy	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		NauseaTravoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Glaucoma	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		FatigueHydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Kidney failure	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Redness in earRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."		FatigueTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		NauseaDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Rabies	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Urinary tract infectionInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Diabetic kidney disease	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Envenomation from spider or animal bite	Methylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Allergic reaction	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Blastomycosis	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		ParesthesiaZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		FluAcyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Cold sore	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) (OCD)Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Erectile dysfunction	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Abnormal urineRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		CoryzaMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		CoughSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Posture problems	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		AnxietyTetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Cataract	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		VomitingLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Itching of unknown causeAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		PalpitationsTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Testicular disorder (Testis Disorder)Hydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Hypertensive heart disease	Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Heart attack	Polyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Cerebral palsy	Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		InsomniaSitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Pick disease	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		VomitingChondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	West Nile virus	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."		HeadacheOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		Itching of unknown causeAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Rosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Pick disease	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	Warfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Coagulation (bleeding) disorder	Divalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Epilepsy	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Muscle painAtropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Retinal detachment	Acyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Lymphoma	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		ConstipationCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		Mouth drynessTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		Skin rashDocusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."		Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		IndigestionTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		DiarrheaPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		FatiguePotassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Ischemic heart disease	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Asperger syndrome	Omeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		FlatulenceLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		PainOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		CoughRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Erectile dysfunctionHepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Neonatal jaundice	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		FeverValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		FatigueTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		PainAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		DiarrheaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		High blood pressureHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		CoughMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Chondromalacia of the patella	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Upper abdominal painLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Asthma	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Heartburn	Darbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Anemia	Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		Diminished visionBuspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Anxiety and nervousness	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Leptospirosis	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Urinary tract infectionRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Joint painQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		NauseaMethadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Chronic pain disorder	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Decreased appetiteOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."		Skin rash"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	West Nile virus	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		PallorMultivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Underweight	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		Skin rashPseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Painful sinuses	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Painful menstruationFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Diabetic kidney disease	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Heart attack	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		Back painMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Testicular disorder	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Abnormal involuntary movementsAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		PainRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Peripheral edemaZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		PharyngitisDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Muscle painTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		ConstipationPenicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Dental caries	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Ear painAcetaminophen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acetaminophen	Acetaminophen	Also known as Tylenol	"Paracetamol INN , or acetaminophen USAN i/__si_t__m_n_f_n/, chemically named N-acetyl-p-aminophenol, is a widely used over-the-counter analgesic (pain reliever) and antipyretic (fever reducer)."	Elbow weakness	Atropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Colorectal cancer	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	Pick disease	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		NauseaEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		ConstipationDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Mouth drynessRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Atrophic vaginitis	Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Rabies	Loperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Infectious gastroenteritis	Carvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Apnea	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		PainTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Kidney stone	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		FlatulenceParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Incontinence of stoolSolifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."		Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Diabetic kidney disease	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Pick disease	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Rabies	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Excessive urination at night	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		HeartburnGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Trigeminal neuralgia	Metoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Pus in urine	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Sore throatPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Abnormal involuntary movements	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Schizophrenia	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		FatigueHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	Pick disease	Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Fluid in ear	Metformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		HeadacheCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Hammer toe	Hydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		GoutMeperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Stricture of the esophagus	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Heart block	Budesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Deviated nasal septum	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		RestlessnessFolic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Pulmonary fibrosis	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Peyronie disease	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Drug abuse (barbiturates)	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."		Itching of unknown causeFluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Mupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	Metaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Sprain or strain	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Itching of skinZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		DiarrheaValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Genital herpes	Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Melena	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		DepressionPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic ulcer	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."		FatigueRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		PainEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Blastomycosis	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		HeadacheChondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Mitral valve disease	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		VomitingIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Menopause	Atorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Symptoms of prostate	Etodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Chronic knee pain	Tolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Stress incontinence	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		IndigestionInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Peripheral edemaCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		NauseaLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Hot flashesTetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Chronic ulcer	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		VomitingVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		PharyngitisFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		Abdominal painPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		CoughIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Heart attack	Oxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Increased heart rateAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Shortness of breathAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Psychotic disorder	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		AtelectasisAmlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."	Pick disease	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Vomiting	Thyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Pituitary disorder	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		IndigestionRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Thyroid cancer	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		AcneDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Urethritis	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Emotional symptomsBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	Budesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Abdominal painMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Corneal abrasion	Triamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Meniere disease	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		AnxietyTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Fungal infection of the skinLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		HyperkalemiaParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Increased heart rateLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Panic attack	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Conduct disorder	Hydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	Rabies	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Weight lossFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Pick disease	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dry or flaky scalp	Valsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		CoughGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		CoughRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		AnemiaAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."	Delusions or hallucinations	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Primary kidney disease	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."		Abdominal painTriamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute sinusitis	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Mouth drynessFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.		CoughChickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Blastomycosis	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Viral hepatitis	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Skin rashSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Depression	Hyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Diarrhea	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute glaucoma	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Muscle painLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		PharyngitisFluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Food allergy	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Back painFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		SweatingPioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		Chest painDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Aortic valve disease	Loperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Nausea	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		AnxietyZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Joint painBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		VomitingEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Pelvic organ prolapse	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Trigeminal neuralgia	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Common coldHydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."		Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Back pain	Meloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	De Quervain disease	Spironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Mitral valve disease	Atorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Blastomycosis	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Increased heart rateDigoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Aortic valve disease	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Tinnitus of unknown causeTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Emotional symptomsFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Blastomycosis	Benztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."		Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Seasonal allergies (hay fever) (Hay Fever)Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		FlushingMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Oppositional disorder	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Pick disease	Nitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."		FaintingLatanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Cataract	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Tooth disorder	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Syphilis	Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Impotence	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		Muscle painAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		HeadacheCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Developmental disability	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Chest painSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Testicular disorder	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		WeaknessNabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Breast infection (mastitis)	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		SleepinessFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Dysthymic disorder	Aspirin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aspirin	Aspirin	"Also known as Aspergum, Empirin, and Ecotrin"	"Aspirin (USAN), also known as acetylsalicylic acid (/__s_t_l_sæl__s_l_k/ _-SET-_l-SAL-i-SIL-ik; abbreviated ASA), is a salicylate drug, often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains, as an antipyretic to reduce fever, and as an anti-inflammatory medication. Aspirin was first isolated by Felix Hoffmann, a chemist with the German company Bayer in 1897."		Metaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Lumbago	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		AnxietyTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Nasal congestionDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		IndigestionNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		NauseaTriamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Primary thrombocythemia	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Penis symptomsMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Upper abdominal painBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Chest painDivalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Developmental disability	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		VomitingVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Skin rashIndomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Plantar fasciitis	Oxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	Clonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Abdominal painClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		PainQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	High blood pressure	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		PalpitationsDutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Urinary tract obstruction	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Oppositional disorder	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Dislocation of the shoulder	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Cramps and spasmsTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		CystitisAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		FlushingFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Heightened hearing	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Temporomandibular joint disorder	Potassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Hypokalemia	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Blastomycosis	Orphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Back pain	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Itching of skinClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Nasal congestionFinasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Retention of urine	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		FatigueTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		AnxietyPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Double visionTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		AmblyopiaProchlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Colorectal cancer	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Rosacea	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Shortness of breathLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		IndigestionRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		BursitisVitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Iron deficiency anemia	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		HeadacheDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Skin rashDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		WeaknessChondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rabies	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		NauseaRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		FaintingMorphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."		Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		FluPrednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Stenosis of the tear duct	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Hot flashesRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		High blood pressureGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		Atrial fibrillation (AF)Hydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		IndigestionRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Nasal congestionClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		InsomniaPovidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the foot	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		HeadacheBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pulmonary embolism	Clotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the skin	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	West Nile virus	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Diminished visionPolyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Cystic Fibrosis	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		NosebleedRanitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Dengue fever	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Foot or toe stiffness or tightness	Irbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Blastomycosis	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Shortness of breathRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		VaginitisAscorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	West Nile virus	Dicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Gastritis	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		PainIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Acute bronchospasm	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		Abdominal painRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		PalpitationsBrimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Glaucoma	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Diverticulitis	Diphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Lip swelling	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	West Nile virus	Allopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Ischemic heart disease	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Cerebral edema	Rosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."		Proparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Foreign body in the eye	Warfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Pulmonary embolism	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		DiarrheaDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		IndigestionBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Cystic Fibrosis	Sitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Diabetes	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		PainIndomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Gout	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		DiarrheaSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Headache	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		PainRotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Stenosis of the tear duct	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		InsomniaPrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Shortness of breathAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Throat irritationLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Central atherosclerosis	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Dysthymic disorder	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		PainIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Sick sinus syndrome	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		InsomniaBacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound of the knee	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Diabetes	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		GastritisLidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the cheek	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		NosebleedBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Urinary tract infectionGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		DiarrheaClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		ConstipationBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Schizophrenia	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		NauseaPenicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Sore throat	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Peripheral edemaRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Weakness"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Stress incontinence	Polyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Irritable bowel syndrome	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		ConstipationCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		PainBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Skin rashCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		PharyngitisLidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the finger	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		CoughAcetaminophen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acetaminophen	Acetaminophen	Also known as Tylenol	"Paracetamol INN , or acetaminophen USAN i/__si_t__m_n_f_n/, chemically named N-acetyl-p-aminophenol, is a widely used over-the-counter analgesic (pain reliever) and antipyretic (fever reducer)."		Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		PharyngitisAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		PalpitationsEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		FlatulenceFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Personality disorderZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Rabies	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Shoulder painAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		ConstipationPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		AllergyFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	West Nile virus	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		DiarrheaAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		FatigueCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		VomitingRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		DiarrheaNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Painful menstruationTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		HeadacheTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Abdominal painMontelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	West Nile virus	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		HeadacheLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		DiarrheaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Abdominal painTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		NosebleedTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) (Reflux)Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		DiarrheaClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		AllergyRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		AcneMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Headache"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp)"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estrogens-conjugated-usp	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	Also known as Premarin	"Premarin is the commercial name for a medication consisting primarily of conjugated estrogens. Isolated from mares' urine (pregnant mares' urine), it is manufactured by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (part of Pfizer since January 2009) and has been marketed since 1942. It is available in oral (0.3/_0.45/_0.625/_0.9/_1.25 mg), IV, and topical (vaginal) form."	Involuntary urination	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		FatigueLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Hot flashesTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		ThrombocytopeniaClobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Scleroderma	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		VomitingFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		NauseaModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		AllergyFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) (OCD)Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		VomitingPhenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Seizures	Allopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Joint painBimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Glaucoma	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	West Nile virus	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		IndigestionAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Osteoporosis	Hydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Chronic kidney disease	Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Prostate cancer	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Nasal congestionDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Blastomycosis	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		FlushingOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		VomitingMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Tendinitis	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		ThrombocytopeniaCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Achalasia	Felodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Pick disease	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Cystic Fibrosis	Thyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Mitral valve disease	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Upper abdominal pain	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Flatulence"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Pancreatic cancer	Thyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Alopecia	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		AnemiaDarbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Fatigue	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Skin on arm or hand looks infected	Dexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Peritonsillar abscess	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Mouth drynessSolifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Symptoms of bladder	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		FeverDesloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		Decreased appetiteBupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Tendinitis	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	Acne	Tadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		Back painMetoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."		Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Intestinal obstruction	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Osteoporosis	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		FluLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."	Pick disease	Mupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Impetigo	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Frontal headacheChondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Leptospirosis	Azithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Acute bronchitis	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Tonsillitis	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Abdominal distentionGlucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	West Nile virus	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Orthostatic hypotensionLithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Psychotic disorder	Acyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."		Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		NightmaresOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		FlatulenceAmitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Neurofibromatosis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Urinary tract infectionOmega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	West Nile virus	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		PainEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		WeaknessSucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Heartburn	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Eating disorder	Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Brain cancer	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		PainLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Hemochromatosis	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		DiarrheaModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		NauseaClopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."		Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Shortness of breathMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Coughing up sputum	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Social phobiaAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		RestlessnessPolyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Intestinal obstruction	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		FlatulenceIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Urinary tract infectionSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		PainBumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."		Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		SweatingMeclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Rabies	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		NauseaVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Pituitary disorder	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		Blood in urineMetoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Gastroparesis	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		ToothachePramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		PainIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		High blood pressureBudesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Painful sinuses	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Hot flashesAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		AllergyZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Psychotic disorder	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Stiffness all overTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		CoryzaLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		DiarrheaOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		NauseaMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		VomitingGlucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Pick disease	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Osteomyelitis	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound of the arm	Phenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."		Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Chondromalacia of the patella	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Diabetes	Phenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Brain cancer	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		RestlessnessNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Hostile behavior	Meclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Labyrinthitis	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Delusions or hallucinations	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Chest painBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Abdominal painMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Vaginal itching	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Painful sinuses	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Chronic kidney disease	Rotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Infant spitting up	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		AnxietyAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		HeadacheAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		PalpitationsGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Itching of skinMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		InsomniaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		CoughThiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Drug abuse	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne or pimples	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Mouth drynessParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Muscle painMultivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Hydrocephalus	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Prostate cancer	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Pain in testicles	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Double visionEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		AllergyPropofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Ear painAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		StrokeDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."	Intracranial hemorrhage	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		FeverTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		WartsProchlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Lung cancer	Calcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Poor circulation	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Suprapubic pain	Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		DiarrheaCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		FlatulenceLoperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."		ConstipationRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Blastomycosis	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Knee swelling	Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Chronic back pain	Furosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Cardiomyopathy	Fluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Leukemia	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Triamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Alopecia	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Osteoarthritis	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Peripheral nerve disorder	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Skin rashAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Dysthymic disorder	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		PainRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		ConstipationTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Prostatitis	Dicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Sharp abdominal pain	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		FlushingOrphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Low back pain	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Acute bronchospasm (Bronchial Spasm)Glyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Blastomycosis	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Chondromalacia of the patella	Erythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Conjunctivitis	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		ConstipationErythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."		Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Knee painRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		NauseaDicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."		NauseaFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Diminished visionMupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Varicose veins	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		HypokalemiaEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Throat swelling	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		Back painAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		InsomniaCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		HeadacheEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Envenomation from spider or animal bite	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Abdominal painTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		NauseaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		WeaknessPsyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Rectal disorder	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		ConstipationAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Menstrual symptomsClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Social phobia	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		FluAtropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Iridocyclitis	Oxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Pneumothorax	Digoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Congenital heart defect	Potassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Cervical cancer	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Chest painAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Atrial fibrillation (AF)Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Orthostatic hypotensionTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Itching of skinPsyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Diverticulosis	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Back painLevofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Pneumonia	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Delusions or hallucinations	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Fungal infection of the skinHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Acute pancreatitis	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the knee	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."		Ear painDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Muscle painMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Itching of skinVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Shortness of breathOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		HeadacheIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		FluOrphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Muscle spasm	Travoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Symptoms of eye	"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Diabetes	Ceftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Cervicitis	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Pick disease	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		PainProparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Corneal abrasion	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Pain"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Constipation	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		Atrial fibrillation (AF)Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Peripheral edemaFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Central atherosclerosis	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."	Pick disease	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		OsteoarthritisModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Sleepiness	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Dysthymic disorder	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		NauseaTriamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Blastomycosis	Rosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Leptospirosis	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Decreased appetiteAllopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Cardiomyopathy	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		PharyngitisIbuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		Urinary tract infectionAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		AnxietyDiphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Skin rash	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Urinary tract infectionMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		PainDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Depression	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Abdominal painVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		FluDocusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Pain of the anus	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		Decreased heart ratePrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Iridocyclitis	Lidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the jaw	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Elbow cramps or spasms	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pick disease	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	"Insulin, Aspart, Human"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-aspart-human	"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"	Also known as Novolog and Novolog Mix 70/30	"A fast acting insulin analog (marketed by Novo Nordisk as ""NovoLog/NovoRapid"") is a man-made form of human insulin. A single amino acid has been slightly changed in its molecular structure. This change helps the fast-acting insulin analog absorb quickly into the bloodstream. As a result, it starts working in minutes, which allows you to take insulin and eat right away. Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similar to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus."	Retinopathy due to high blood pressure	Vitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)	"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.		Oxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		PharyngitisOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		VomitingHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		WeaknessDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Low back painFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		WeaknessSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		PainNitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Chest tightness	Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		HeadachePravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Cramps and spasmsBeclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	West Nile virus	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Acne or pimples	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		SweatingSolifenacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/solifenacin	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	Also known as Vesicare	"Solifenacin (INN, trade name Vesicare) is a urinary antispasmodic of the antimuscarinic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with or without urge incontinence. It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas."	Involuntary urination	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Urinary tract obstruction	Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Urinary tract obstruction	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Panic disorder	Pseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Frontal headache	Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Symptoms of prostate	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		Chest painTretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic keratosis	Bumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Ischemic heart disease	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		NosebleedTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		VomitingOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		NauseaPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		MeningitisTiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Pulmonary hypertension	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	West Nile virus	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Abdominal painIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Abdominal painZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Schizophrenia	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Muscle stiffness or tightnessNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		FlatulenceBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Painful menstruationOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Head and neck cancer	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		PharyngitisParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		AllergyBetamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	Cefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Open wound of the finger	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		AllergyCarvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Cardiomyopathy	Dexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Brain cancer	Warfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Heart failure	Povidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the jaw	Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Spina bifida	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		PainLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		PharyngitisTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Rabies	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		ConjunctivitisEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		VomitingRitonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	HPV	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		PharyngitisAzelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Metastatic cancer	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Social phobia	Cefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."	Acute sinusitis	Darbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Lung cancer	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Muscle painAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		FeverRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."		DiarrheaTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		CoryzaMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Pelvic inflammatory disease	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."	Mastectomy	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Itching of unknown causeRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Peripheral edemaTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		PharyngitisLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Cystic Fibrosis	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Shortness of breathRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Parkinson disease	Potassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Blastomycosis	Morphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Appendicitis	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		DiarrheaFelodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Rabies	Nifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Preeclampsia	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		HeadacheEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		FluQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) (Reflux)Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Excessive urination at night	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Itching of unknown causeMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Pelvic painCiprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Painful urination	Amlodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amlodipine	Amlodipine	"Also known as Exforge Hct 10/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 10/320/25, Exforge Hct 5/160/12.5, Exforge Hct 5/160/25, Exforge Hct 10/160/25, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, and Tribenzor 40/5/25"	"Amlodipine (Norvasc (Pfizer) and generics) (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a long-acting calcium channel blocker dihydropyridine (DHP) class used as an antihypertensive and in the treatment of angina pectoris. Like other calcium channel blockers, amlodipine acts by relaxing the smooth muscle in the arterial wall, decreasing total peripheral resistance thereby reducing blood pressure; in angina, amlodipine increases blood flow to the heart muscle (although DHP-class calcium channel blockers are more selective for arteries than the muscular tissue of the heart (myocardium), as the cardiac calcium channels are not of the dihydropyridine-type)."		FlushingTriamcinolone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-nasal-product	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	"Also known as Allernaze Nasal Product, Nasacort Nasal Product, and Tri-Nasal Nasal Product"	Triamcinolone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Painful sinuses	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Nasal congestionZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		CoughMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		FluDarbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Chronic kidney disease	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		SweatingBenzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."		Rabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Rabies	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Female infertility of unknown cause	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Decreased appetiteMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		VaginitisMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Cervical disorder (Cervical Disease)Lisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		FaintingHydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Systemic lupus erythematosis (SLE)	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Cerebral palsy	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Premenstrual tension syndrome	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Skin rashBupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Degenerative disc disease	Cephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Open wound of the arm	Etodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.		Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		DiarrheaTolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Symptoms of bladder	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		PainRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Bone disorder	Buspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		DiarrheaTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Dissociative disorder	Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Chronic pain disorder	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		InsomniaGuaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Chronic sinusitis	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Degenerative disc disease	Cefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Fracture of the jaw	Vitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Blastomycosis	Folic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		HeadacheOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		SweatingPioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."		PainInsulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Diabetic ketoacidosis	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Bones are painfulEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		ParesthesiaLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Acute bronchiolitis	Carvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Aortic valve disease	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."		NauseaDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		ToothacheOxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nosebleed	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Pain or soreness of breastTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		InsomniaCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Muscle spasm	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Acute glaucoma	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		FluFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		ConstipationFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Ear painPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nosebleed	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Leg cramps or spasms"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Diaper rash	Hyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Regurgitation	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycleRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Leg cramps or spasmsMultivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Fat embolism	Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		Skin rashMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		VomitingMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	West Nile virus	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		FluDiphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."		Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Peripheral edemaDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Back painOxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Pulmonary congestion	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Kidney mass	Cyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Lumbago	Betamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Psoriasis	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		FluTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		DiarrheaMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		PalpitationsOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Nasal congestion"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."		Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		IndigestionGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Hostile behaviorVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Sleep disturbanceRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."		Back painOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		NosebleedFurosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Atrial fibrillation	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		NauseaLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Painful menstruationMetoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."	Thoracic aortic aneurysm	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		ParesthesiaPsyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Rectal bleeding	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Drug poisoning due to medication	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound of the hand	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Back painNabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."		Phenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Nosebleed	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		Tinnitus of unknown causeParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Weight lossLidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the head	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Leg cramps or spasmsDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Drug abuse (barbiturates)	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		NauseaTiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Lung cancer	Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		PainDocusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Hemorrhoids	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		DiarrheaLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		InsomniaBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		FeverBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Erectile dysfunctionFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		Redness in earBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Joint painRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Joint stiffness or tightnessCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		Itching of skinEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Menopause	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Decreased appetiteGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		FlatulenceChickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."		Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Hiatal hernia	Glipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Problems with orgasmPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Involuntary urinationTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		AcneOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		Redness in earGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Neuralgia	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Stroke	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Weight lossRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Schizophrenia	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		FatigueInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		NosebleedTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Itching of skinRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		VomitingFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Ischemic heart disease	Hydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Pick disease	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Low back cramps or spasms	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Erectile dysfunction	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		WeaknessColchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Foot or toe swelling	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Menstrual symptomsMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Diabetes	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetic retinopathy	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Polymyalgia rheumatica	Tetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."		Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Scar	Amitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."		Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		CystitisMorphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Lung contusion	Phenazopyridine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenazopyridine	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	"Also known as Pyridium Plus, Pyrelle, Urelief, Tija, Urobiotic, Pyridium, Azo Gantanol, Azo Gantrisin, Azo-Gesic, and Azo-Standard"	"Phenazopyridine is a chemical which, when excreted into the urine, has a local analgesic effect. It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag."	Painful urination	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		High blood pressureAtropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Sinus bradycardia	Diphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Envenomation from spider or animal bite	Felodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."	Blastomycosis	Mometasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mometasone-nasal-product	Mometasone Nasal Product	Also known as Nasonex Nasal Product	Mometasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		FeverLactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Constipation	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Female infertility of unknown cause	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		ParesthesiaOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Stiffness all overLoperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Vomiting	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		WeaknessTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		ArrhythmiaDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		CoughIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Urinary tract infectionFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Cytomegalovirus infection	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		FlatulenceLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Social phobia	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		NauseaTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Itching of skinClarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Acute bronchitis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		ConstipationGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Leptospirosis	Metoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Persistent vomiting of unknown cause	Epoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Acute kidney injury	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		ConstipationEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	West Nile virus	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		VomitingMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		IndigestionMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Yeast infectionAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		NauseaLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Esophagitis	Methocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Sciatica	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Mouth drynessOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		Abdominal painTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		AnemiaCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Osteoporosis	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Sore throatSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	West Nile virus	Amitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Pick disease	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Apnea	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Epididymitis	Dicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Irritable bowel syndrome	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Joint painClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		Skin oilinessAllopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Acute kidney injury	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Chest painPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		WeaknessOlmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Pick disease	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Back painClotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."		HeadacheFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Decreased appetiteAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		FlushingTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Fat embolism	Ascorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Leptospirosis	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		CoughAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Hypertension of pregnancy	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		ConjunctivitisEpinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."	Cardiac arrest	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		FluCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Shoulder painTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		FatigueFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Colonic polyp	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Restless leg syndrome	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Muscle painTravoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Acute glaucoma	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		Skin rashLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Epilepsy	Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		FaintingRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		ParesthesiaMagnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Hemoptysis	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		Urinary tract infectionRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Peripheral edemaBetamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		Abdominal painQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Mouth drynessLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Common coldDarbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		PharyngitisMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		DiarrheaBrimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the hair	Digoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Heart failure	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Leptospirosis	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Cardiomyopathy	Hydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Eczema	Benzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Cough	Bumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Heart failure	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Rabies	Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Lithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."		Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		FatigueSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Loss of sensationMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		ConstipationCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Galactorrhea of unknown cause	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Decreased appetiteSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		FlushingPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Mouth drynessBrimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Abdominal painMethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Abdominal painIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		PainDonepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		InsomniaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		VomitingPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		AmblyopiaClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		PharyngitisMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		FatigueBisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Dementia	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."	Acute glaucoma	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	High blood pressure	Haloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.		Brimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Overflow incontinence	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Gastrointestinal symptomsDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Decreased appetiteTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		AsthmaTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Personality disorderZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Back painLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Cramps and spasmsModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		FeverCarbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Bipolar disorder	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		HeadacheDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		ParesthesiaHydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	West Nile virus	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Shortness of breathSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Redness in earTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Mouth drynessLisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		VomitingInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Gastroparesis	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Hypertension of pregnancy	Clobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin rash	Rosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Blastomycosis	Darbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Breast cancer	Cefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Fracture of the finger	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Throat irritationSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		HeadacheLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Erythema multiformeKetoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Actinic keratosis	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Depression	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Problems with movementTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Bones are painfulTriamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Cirrhosis	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Increased heart rateOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Painful urinationClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Dysthymic disorder	Travoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Chronic glaucoma	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Double visionRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Orthostatic hypotensionEnoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		DiarrheaMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Crohn disease	Triamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Phenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Cerebral palsy	Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		NauseaBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Mouth drynessPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		Muscle painRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Itching of unknown causeMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Aortic valve disease	Allopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Chronic kidney disease	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		VomitingAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		SweatingIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		CystitisBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Abdominal painLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		InsomniaClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Erectile dysfunctionVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		High blood pressureParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Heavy menstrual flowTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		DiarrheaSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Pulmonary hypertension	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		PneumoniaEtodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Injury to the hand	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		LaryngitisDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Conduct disorder	Cephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Paronychia	Vitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Vitamin D deficiency	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Sore in nose	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Panic disorder	Ofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Diminished hearing	Ketoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Seborrheic dermatitis	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		Shortness of breathLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Chest painPseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."		Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		Blood in urineAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Otitis mediaSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		CataractPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		WeaknessLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		CoughMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Rectal bleeding	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Loss of sex drive	Prednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Difficulty breathing	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		VaginitisValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		Painful menstruationTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Symptoms of bladder	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		High blood pressureAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		ConjunctivitisBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Shortness of breathLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		AllergyFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		Back painAspirin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aspirin	Aspirin	"Also known as Aspergum, Empirin, and Ecotrin"	"Aspirin (USAN), also known as acetylsalicylic acid (/__s_t_l_sæl__s_l_k/ _-SET-_l-SAL-i-SIL-ik; abbreviated ASA), is a salicylate drug, often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains, as an antipyretic to reduce fever, and as an anti-inflammatory medication. Aspirin was first isolated by Felix Hoffmann, a chemist with the German company Bayer in 1897."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		RegurgitationLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		HeadacheEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		DiarrheaOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		DiarrheaSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."	Prostate cancer	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		HeadachePhenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Macular degeneration	Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Connective tissue disorder	Loperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Crohn disease	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Skin rashQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Muscle painBenzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Acute bronchitis	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		NauseaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Ear painTetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Foreign body in the eye	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		Back painLansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.		DiarrheaEzetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Peripheral arterial embolism	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Erectile dysfunctionRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Vaginal bleedingRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		CystitisRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		VomitingMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Muscle painVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		WeaknessCarvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."		Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Atrial flutter	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Skin rashThyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Thyroid disease	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		HeadacheClobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Itching of skin	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		FlatulenceOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Bleeding from ear	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Shortness of breathBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Bipolar disorder	Travoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."		Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		RestlessnessCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Sprain or strain	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Weight lossDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Penis symptomsPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Prostate cancer	Dutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Prostate cancer	Sildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		Nasal congestionRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		PalpitationsVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		RestlessnessLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		FatigueMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		AnxietyFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Diverticulosis	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		PainChickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Bedwetting	Dutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Excessive urination at night	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		InsomniaTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Prostatitis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		NauseaMetronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne or pimples	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		DiarrheaLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		SleepinessHeparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Pulmonary embolism	Olmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Central atherosclerosis	Pyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Hyperemesis gravidarum	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		HesitancyTiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."		Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Dislocation of the ankle	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		HeadacheCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Blastomycosis	Niacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Aortic valve disease	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Autonomic nervous system disorder	Amoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Acute otitis media	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Fat embolism	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		AnxietyIbuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		HeadacheQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		FeverPrednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Acute bronchiolitis	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		VomitingHydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Envenomation from spider or animal bite	Irbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."		Azelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	Multivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."		Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		MyoclonusEszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Insomnia	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		NauseaMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."	Dementia	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		IndigestionFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		DiarrheaVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Diminished visionRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Focal weaknessHaemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Blastomycosis	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		AnxietyPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		ConstipationCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Blastomycosis	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		InsomniaDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		DiarrheaLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Skin rashDexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Colorectal cancer	Penicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."		Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Symptoms of infants	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		AnxietyPseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Common cold	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Pain of the anus	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		Back painValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Pick disease	Atorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Pick disease	Tretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Viral warts	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		Itching of unknown causeLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		CataractVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Muscle painAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Peripheral edemaNiacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."		Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		PainRosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		HeadachePromethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."		Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Omeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		NauseaMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."		Bacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."		Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Blastomycosis	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."	Psychotic disorder	Moxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Pneumonia	Tolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Excessive urination at night	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		Itching of skinPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Shingles (herpes zoster)	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		FatigueClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Personality disorder	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		PainAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Painful menstruationThyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Hashimoto thyroiditis	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		EczemaZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Primary insomnia	Fluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Vaginitis	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		ConstipationAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		CoughTriamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."	West Nile virus	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Hepatitis due to a toxin	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to virus	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Decreased heart rateRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Skin rashTravoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/travoprost	Travoprost (Travatan)	Also known as Travatan	"Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a synthetic prostaglandin analog (or more specifically, an analog of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes. It is also known by the brand names of Travatan and Travatan Z, manufactured by Alcon, and Travo-Z, manufactured by Micro Labs."	Macular degeneration	Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		FeverSilver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Decubitus ulcer	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		IndigestionLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Blastomycosis	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		PainTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Seasonal allergies (hay fever) (Hay Fever)Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Decreased appetiteSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Premature ejaculation	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		RestlessnessZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		PharyngitisTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Mouth drynessAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Joint painCeftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Sepsis	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		NauseaProparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Peripheral nerve disorder	Guaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."	Common cold	Erythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Eye redness	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		InsomniaTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Muscle spasm	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Blood in urine	Propranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Alcoholic liver disease	Ketorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Side pain	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Back painAlendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		Cramps and spasmsDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Tinnitus of unknown causeTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Peripheral edemaMoxifloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/moxifloxacin	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	"Also known as Avelox, Vigamox, and Moxeza"	"Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent developed by Bayer AG (initially called BAY 12-8039). It is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand names Avelox, Avalox, and Avelon for oral treatment. In most countries, the drug is also available in parenteral form for intravenous infusion. Moxifloxacin is also sold in an ophthalmic solution (eye drops) under the brand names Vigamox, Moxeza for the treatment of conjunctivitis (pink eye)."	Cornea infection	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		InsomniaEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Joint painPyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Colorectal cancer	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		FluPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Pulmonary fibrosis	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Chronic pancreatitis	Prochlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Headache	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		Abdominal painIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		FatigueRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Joint painCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		InsomniaGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		PainHepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	West Nile virus	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		InsomniaTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."		PharyngitisTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		ParesthesiaMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		FlatulenceSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Abdominal painDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		FlatulenceHaloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Delusions or hallucinations	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		Abdominal painAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		IndigestionTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		InsomniaBupivacaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupivacaine	Bupivacaine	"Also known as Sensorcaine, Marcain Heavy, Sure-Amp Bupivacaine, Duocaine, Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, and Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000"	"Bupivacaine (rINN)  is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. It is commonly marketed under various trade names, including Marcain, Marcaine (CareStream Dental), Sensorcaine (Astra Zeneca) and Vivacaine (Septodont)."	Osteoarthritis	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		VomitingParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		IndigestionParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		ChillsFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Pick disease	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Hot flashesValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Ezetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Neck painTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	West Nile virus	Ezetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."		Cephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Fungal infection of the hair	Pyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."		Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."	Parathyroid adenoma	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Vaginal dryness	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		ConstipationHepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-a-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis A Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Leptospirosis	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Vaginal yeast infectionTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."	Bladder obstruction	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		DiarrheaLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Urinary tract infectionOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Diminished visionMethotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Joint pain	Nitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Heart failure	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Mouth drynessBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		AnxietyBuspirone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/buspirone	Buspirone (Buspar)	Also known as Buspar and Vanspar	"Buspirone , trade name Buspar , is an anxiolytic psychoactive drug of the azapirone chemical class and is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)."	Impulse control disorder	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		FlushingBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Smoking problems	Triamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Decreased appetiteParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		AnxietyNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Back painTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Pick disease	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Hot flashesSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		FatigueIbuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		CoughEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Shoulder painGentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain in eye	Guaifenesin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/guaifenesin	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	Also known as Mucinex	"Guaifenesin INN  or guaiphenesin (former BAN), also glyceryl guaiacolate, is an expectorant drug sold over the counter and usually taken orally to assist the bringing up (expectoration) of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections."		Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		IndigestionTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycleLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		FluEszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Septic arthritis	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Lithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Bipolar disorder	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Leptospirosis	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		HypoglycemiaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		VomitingOmega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."		Dexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."	Lymphoma	Furosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."		Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Chest painPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Joint painRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		ToothacheFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		Muscle painPovidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."		Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Vaginal discharge	Benazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	West Nile virus	Tiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Pulmonary fibrosis	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Pinguecula	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		HeadacheTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Itching of unknown causeMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Absence of menstruationTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		FlushingAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Abdominal painMycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Systemic lupus erythematosis (SLE)	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Back painZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		FluTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		AsthmaBacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound of the finger	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Swollen lymph nodesEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		HeadachePravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Painful urinationMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."		Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Incontinence of stoolThiamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thiamine	Thiamine	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Vitabee With C, Infuvite, Infuvite Pediatric, Dialyvite 800, and Dialyvite 800 With Iron"	"Thiamine or thiamin or vitamin B1 , named as the ""thio-vitamine"" (""sulfur-containing vitamin"") is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. First named aneurin for the detrimental neurological effects if not present in the diet, it was eventually assigned the generic descriptor name vitamin B1. Its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. The best-characterized form is thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. Thiamine is used in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In yeast, TPP is also required in the first step of alcoholic fermentation."	Abusing alcohol	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Erectile dysfunctionIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Shortness of breath	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		HeadacheValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."	West Nile virus	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		AnxietyVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		ParesthesiaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Skin rashTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Itching of skin	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Skin rashAtorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Leptospirosis	Warfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."		Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Stiffness all overMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Itching of unknown causeDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		FluDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	West Nile virus	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."		SleepinessMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Itching of skinFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		AnemiaBenazepril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benazepril	Benazepril	"Also known as Lotensin Hct 10/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/12.5, Lotensin Hct 20/25, Lotensin Hct 5/6.25, Lotrel 10/20, Lotrel 10/40, Lotrel 2.5/10, Lotrel 5/10, Lotrel 5/20, and Lotrel 5/40"	"Benazepril, brand name Lotensin (Novartis), is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor."	Blastomycosis	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Chronic sinusitis	Temazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Pick disease	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Yeast infectionTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Itching of skinCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		NauseaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		AcneNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Muscle painFluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Atrophic vaginitis	Triamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Psoriasis	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Sinus congestionValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Shingles (herpes zoster)	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Pick disease	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		DiarrheaGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Mouth drynessLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Seizures	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."	Cardiomyopathy	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		AcneBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Cerebral palsy	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Decreased appetitePravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		ParesthesiaSumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		SleepinessFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		AnxietySpironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Alcoholic liver disease	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Chest painQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Psychotic disorder	Lactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Cirrhosis	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Hydrocephalus	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."	Liver disease	Promethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	Isosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.		Glipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."		Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Erectile dysfunctionOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		VaginitisPrednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Wheezing	Eszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Frontal headacheNalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Rabies	Dutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Leptospirosis	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Oppositional disorder	Metoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."	Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM)	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Joint painOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		ConstipationDiphenhydramine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diphenhydramine	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	"Also known as Benadryl Allergy Sinus Headache, Coricidin Night Time Cold Relief, Excedrin Pm, Genapap Pm, Legatrin Pm, Mapap Pm, Masophen Pm, Midol Pm, Tylenol Pm, and Unisom With Pain Relief"	"Diphenhydramine  is a first-generation antihistamine possessing anticholinergic, antitussive, antiemetic, and sedative properties that is mainly used to treat allergies. It is also used in the management of drug-induced parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms. The drug has a strong hypnotic effect and is FDA-approved as a non-prescription sleep aid, especially in the form of diphenhydramine citrate. It is produced and marketed under the trade name Benadryl by McNeil-PPC (a division of Johnson & Johnson) in the U.S., Canada and South Africa (trade names in other countries include Dimedrol, Daedalon and Nytol). It is also available as a generic or store brand medication."	Insect bite	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Psychotic disorderOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		TorticollisEzetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	West Nile virus	Petrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."	Thirst	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		NosebleedRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Involuntary urinationOlopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergic reaction	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Acute bronchiolitis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Upper abdominal painMultivitamin Preparation	http://www.symcat.com/medications/multivitamin-preparation	Multivitamin Preparation (Multivitamin)	"Also known as Vitamin Supplements (Nos), Multivitamin, and Geritol"	"A multivitamin is preparation intended to be a dietary supplement with vitamins, dietary minerals, and other nutritional elements. Such preparations are available in the form of tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injectable formulations. Other than injectable formulations, which are only available and administered under medical supervision, multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food."	Leptospirosis	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Polycythemia vera	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olopatadine-ophthalmic	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	null	Olopatadine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Ovarian cancer	Hydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Scabies	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		FeverAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Ringing in earRabeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rabeprazole	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	Also known as Pariet and Aciphex	"Rabeprazole /_ræ._b_p.ræ.z__l/ is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It was developed by Eisai Co. and is marketed by Janssen-Cilag as rabeprazole sodium under the brand names AcipHex (/_æs_f_ks/, referring to pH) in the US, Pariet in Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Russia and Australia, and Razo, Parit and Orpro in India."	Heartburn	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Chronic kidney disease	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		FeverLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		FluValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		PainBimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Lidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the lip	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Chest painRanitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Blastomycosis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		AllergyTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Ovarian cancer	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		Incontinence of stoolLithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Personality disorder	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		High blood pressureLidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the hand	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Antisocial behavior	Lorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."	Anxiety	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."	Torticollis	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."	Depression	Etodolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/etodolac	Etodolac	Also known as Lodine	Etodolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved etodolac in January 1991.	Rabies	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		Hormone disorder (Endocrine Disorder)Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."		Promethazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/promethazine	Promethazine	"Also known as Phenergan Vc With Codeine, Phenergan With Codeine, M-Phen, Pentazine Vc, Pentazine With Codeine, Phenergan With Dextromethorphan, Phen Tuss Dm, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, and Meprozine"	"Promethazine is a neuroleptic medication and first-generation antihistamine of the phenothiazine family. The drug has strong sedative and weak antipsychotic effects. At the same time it causes motion sickness reduction and has antiemetic, and anticholinergic properties. In some countries it is prescribed for insomnia when benzodiazepines are contraindicated. It is available in many countries under the brand names Phenergan, Promethegan, Romergan, Fargan, Farganesse, Prothiazine, Avomine, Atosil, Receptozine, Lergigan, and Sominex."	Feeling hot and cold	Furosemide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/furosemide	Furosemide	Also known as Lasix	"Furosemide (INN/BAN) or frusemide (former BAN) is a loop diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and edema. It is most commonly marketed by Sanofi under the brand name Lasix, and also under the brand name Frumex. It has also been used to prevent Thoroughbred and Standardbred race horses from bleeding through the nose during races."	Pulmonary hypertension	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Flu-like syndrome	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		HeadacheTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		ParesthesiaOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		VaginitisDigoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."		Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		CoughMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Upper abdominal painZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Urinary tract infectionIsosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Coronary atherosclerosis	Sucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Vomiting blood	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Pick disease	Metaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Sciatica	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Methylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Swollen tongue	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		IndigestionDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Premenstrual tension syndrome (PMS)Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		DiarrheaVitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Pain or soreness of breast	"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Chronic constipation	Dicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Diarrhea	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		SweatingRanitidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ranitidine	Ranitidine	"Also known as Pylorid, Zantac, Raciran, Tritec, Rantec, Zaedoc, Taladine, Wal-Zan, Deprizine, and Rx-Act Heartburn Relief"	Ranitidine  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production. It is commonly used in treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Ranitidine is also used alongside fexofenadine and other antihistamines for the treatment of skin conditions such as hives. Ranitidine is also known to give false positives for methamphetamine on drug tests.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/brimonidine-ophthalmic	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	null	Brimonidine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetic retinopathy	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Depression	Povidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the arm	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		High blood pressureNaproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Blastomycosis	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	Blastomycosis	Triamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		ConjunctivitisSodium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sodium-chloride	Sodium Chloride (Deep Sea)	"Also known as Nephramine, Trophamine, Clinimix E 4.25/5, Clinimix E 2.75/5, Clinimix E 2.75/10, Clinimix E 4.25/25, Clinimix E 5/15, Clinimix E 5/20, Clinimix E 5/25, and Clinimix E 5/35"	"Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chloride. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. As the major ingredient in edible salt, it is commonly used as a condiment and food preservative."	Valley fever	Vancomycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vancomycin	Vancomycin	"Also known as Vancocin, Lyphocin, Vancocin Cp, and Vancoled"	"Vancomycin INN  is a glycopeptide antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin was first isolated in 1953 at Eli Lilly, from a soil sample collected from the interior jungles of Borneo by a missionary. It is a naturally occurring antibiotic made by the soil bacterium Actinobacteria species Amycolatopsis orientalis (formerly designated Nocardia orientalis). It is a complex chemical compound and an example of a comparatively rare haloorganic natural compound, containing two covalently bonded chlorine atoms."	Sepsis	"Sennosides, Usp"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sennosides-usp	"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"	"Also known as Perdiem, Konsyl Senna Prompt, Senokot, Black Draught, Dosaflex, Dr Caldwell Laxative, Ex-Lax Chocolated, Ex-Lax Gentle Nature, Ex-Lax Maximum Relief Formula, and Ex-Lax Regular Strength Pills"	Senna glycosides or sennosides are a number of anthraquinone derivatives useful as a laxative. They are dimeric glycosides named after their abundant occurrence in plants of the genus Senna.	Lung cancer	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."	Sjogren syndrome	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		Skin rashSpironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."		Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Chest painParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		EczemaCefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Crushing injury	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Bipolar disorder	Nalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Rosuvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosuvastatin	Rosuvastatin (Crestor)	Also known as Crestor	"Rosuvastatin (marketed by AstraZeneca as Crestor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to treat high cholesterol and related conditions, and to prevent cardiovascular disease. It was developed by Shionogi."	Endocarditis	Oxygen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxygen	Oxygen	"Also known as Carbogen, Lif-O-Gen, Erie Traveler, Life-O-Gen, Linde, Madacylinder, Oxymed, and Ez-Ox"	"Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Its name derives from the Greek roots ____ (oxys) (""acid"", literally ""sharp"", referring to the sour taste of acids) and -_____ (-g_nos) (""producer"", literally ""begetter""), because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless, odorless, tasteless diatomic gas with the formula O2. This substance is an important part of the atmosphere, and is necessary to sustain most terrestrial life."	Pulmonary hypertension	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Anxiety	Clotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal itching	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."		DiarrheaMontelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Pick disease	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Muscle painCalcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."	Hammer toe	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Contact dermatitisBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."	Depression	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Itching of skinPovidone Iodine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/povidone-iodine-topical	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	"Also known as Povidone-Iodine, Povidone Iodine, Pvp-Iodine, Pvp Iodine, Betadine, Iodine Povidone Topical, Videne, E-Z Prep, E-Z Scrub, and Povidone-Iodine Solution"	"Povidone-iodine (PVP-I) is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis."	Open wound of the hand	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzoyl-peroxide-topical	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	null	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin moles	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	Heparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Heart attack	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Difficulty in swallowingClobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Asthma	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."		FeverCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		DiarrheaTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		Back painTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		WeaknessOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."		ParesthesiaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		DiarrheaMethadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Complex regional pain syndrome	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		High blood pressureFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		PainHeparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Coagulation (bleeding) disorder	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Atrial flutterRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		FeverEscitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Painful menstruationMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		CoryzaInsulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		IndigestionOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Blastomycosis	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Nose deformity	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	HPV	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		High blood pressureMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		Mouth drynessPrednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Asthma	Penicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Facial pain	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		VomitingDicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."		Mouth drynessAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		PharyngitisClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		NosebleedPneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pneumococcal-7-valent-conjugate-vaccine	Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)	"Also known as Prevnar, Pcv 7, and Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Diphtheria Crm197 Protein)"	"Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) is a pneumococcal vaccine used to protect infants and young children against disease caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus). There are currently three PCV vaccines available on the global market: Prevnar (called Prevenar in some countries), Synflorix and Prevnar 13."	Hypospadias	Latanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Dry eye of unknown cause	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Itching of skinRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		NosebleedRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		AmblyopiaBenztropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benztropine	Benztropine	Also known as Cogentin	"Benzatropine (INN), also known as benztropine (USAN, BAN), is an anticholinergic marketed under the trade name Cogentin which is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Parkinsonism, and dystonia."	Personality disorder	Dutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."		Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Upper abdominal painBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		VomitingZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Dissociative disorder	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Duloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		AllergyAscorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Open wound of the back	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Leptospirosis	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."	Gastroduodenal ulcer	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		FaintingPhenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Hemiplegia	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Muscle painLoperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."	Diarrhea	Hydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	Blastomycosis	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Leptospirosis	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Orthostatic hypotensionDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		ConstipationCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."		AcneSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		IndigestionRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Shortness of breathBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		AllergyRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Redness in earDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Joint painErythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Foreign body in the eye	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Vomiting blood	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		PainGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		FatigueOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Ileus	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Drug reaction	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		Chest painSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		DiarrheaMethocarbamol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methocarbamol	Methocarbamol	Also known as Robaxin	"Methocarbamol (trade name Robaxin, which is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada) is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms."	Back pain	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Muscle painAzelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	Ciprofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin	Also known as Cipro	"Ciprofloxacin (INN) is a second-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), and Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes) bacterial pathogens. Ciprofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.)"	Urinary tract infection	Bisacodyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bisacodyl	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	"Also known as Dulcolax, Bisa-Plex, Bisac-Evac, Bisco-Lax, Bisolax, Carters Little Pills, Correct (New Formula), Dulcogen, Fleet Bisacodyl, and Gen Lax"	"Bisacodyl (INN) is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy. Bisacodyl is a diphenylmethane (in fact, a modified triphenylmethane) derivative and was first used as a laxative in 1953 due to its similarity to phenolphthalein."	Pain of the anus	Ergocalciferol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ergocalciferol	Ergocalciferol	Also known as Drisdol and Deltalin	"Ergocalciferol is a provitamin form of vitamin D, also called vitamin D2. In isolated manufactured formats, it is marketed under various names including Deltalin (Eli Lilly and Company), discontinued Drisdol (Sanofi-Synthelabo), and Calcidol (Patrin Pharma). Ergocalciferol is created when ultraviolet light activates ergosterol."	Polycythemia vera	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		FluClotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal yeast infection	Hydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."	High blood pressure	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Headache after lumbar puncture	Felodipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/felodipine	Felodipine	Also known as Plendil	"Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker (calcium antagonist), a drug used to control hypertension (high blood pressure). It is marketed under the brand name Plendil by AstraZeneca and Renedil by Sanofi-Aventis. The formulation patent for the substance expired in 2007."		Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		InsomniaAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Hot flashesTrazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."	Depression	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		PainClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		FatigueNortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Migraine	Nalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Migraine	Phenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."		Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		Muscle painGlucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glucosamine	Glucosamine	"Also known as Cidaflex, Cosamin, Schiff, Novipet Joint Support, and Optiflex-G"	"Glucosamine (C6H13NO5) is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Glucosamine is part of the structure of the polysaccharides chitosan and chitin, which compose the exoskeletons of crustaceans and other arthropods, cell walls in fungi and many higher organisms. Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides. It is produced commercially by the hydrolysis of crustacean exoskeletons or, less commonly by fermentation of a grain such as corn or wheat. In the US it is one of the most common non-vitamin, non-mineral, dietary supplements used by adults."	Rabies	Metoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Esophageal cancer	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		PharyngitisZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		SweatingValsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		PainEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Abdominal painBetamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	Methadone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methadone	Methadone	"Also known as Methadose, Methex, Physeptone, Dolophine, and Martindale Methadone Dtf"	"Methadone (also known as Symoron, Dolophine, Amidone, Methadose, Physeptone, Heptadon and many other names) is a synthetic opioid. It is used medically as an analgesic and a maintenance anti-addictive and reductive preparation for use by patients with opioid dependency. It was developed in Germany in 1937, mainly because Germany required a reliable internal source of opiates. Because it is an acyclic analog of morphine or heroin, methadone acts on the same opioid receptors as these drugs, and thus has many of the same effects. Methadone is also used in managing severe chronic pain, owing to its long duration of action, extremely powerful effects, and very low cost. Methadone was introduced into the United States in 1947 by Eli Lilly and Company."	Viral hepatitis	Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Colonic polyp	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."	Hydrocephalus	Prochlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Metastatic cancer	Lisinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lisinopril	Lisinopril	Also known as Zestril and Prinivil	Lisinopril is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Emotional symptoms	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Frontal headacheSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		FatigueLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Nasal congestionHaloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Psychotic disorder	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Gastrointestinal symptomsBimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Aphthous ulcer (Canker Sore)Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		WeaknessMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Peripheral edemaOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		FeverOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Nausea	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		HeadacheLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Emotional symptomsDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Symptoms of bladder	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		PharyngitisAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Folic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."	Hemolytic anemia	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Common coldVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		Hot flashesTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Leptospirosis	Fluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		PalpitationsTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Skin rashPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Herniated disk	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."	Bladder obstruction	Sucralfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sucralfate	Sucralfate (Carafate)	Also known as Carafate	"Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers. Brand names include Sucramal in Italy; Carafate in U.S.A.; Pepsigard, Sucral, Sucrafil, Hapifate in India; Sutra or Musin in parts of South-East Asia; Sulcrate in Canada; Ulsanic in South Africa and Israel; and Antepsin in Turkey. Sucralfate is also used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stress ulcers. Unlike the other classes of medications used for treatment of peptic ulcers, sucralfate is a sucrose sulfate-aluminium complex that binds to the mucosa, thus creating a physical barrier that impairs diffusion of hydrochloric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and prevents degradation of mucus by acid. It also stimulates bicarbonate output and acts like an acid buffer with cytoprotective properties. Sucralfate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1981."	Gastroduodenal ulcer	Pantoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pantoprazole	Pantoprazole	"Also known as Protium Brand Of Pantoprazole Sodium, Protium I.V, and Protonix"	"Pantoprazole (sold under various brand names including Somac, Tecta, Pantoloc, Controloc, Protium, Protonix, Pantecta, Pantoheal, Pantpas, Ppi-40, and Neoppi) is a proton pump inhibitor drug that inhibits gastric acid secretion."		DiarrheaTimolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		PainDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		WeaknessAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Skin rashSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		Muscle painFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.	Rabies	Nortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Mouth dryness	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Swollen lymph nodesMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Cramps and spasmsDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."	Irregular heartbeat	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Incontinence of stoolAtropine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atropine	Atropine (Uaa)	"Also known as Lomotil, Isopto Atropine, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Atrohist Plus, Atropine-Care, Atropisol, Atrosept, and Barbidonna"	"Atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna), Jimson weed (Datura stramonium), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It is a secondary metabolite of these plants and serves as a drug with a wide variety of effects."	Cardiac arrest	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		Sinus congestionTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		CoughDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Muscle weaknessAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Abdominal painTolterodine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tolterodine	Tolterodine (Detrol)	Also known as Detrol	"Tolterodine (Detrol, Detrusitol) is an antimuscarinic drug that is used for symptomatic treatment urinary incontinence."	Pelvic organ prolapse	Methotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Rheumatoid arthritis	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		FeverLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		SweatingIndomethacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/indomethacin	Indomethacin	Also known as Indocin	"Indometacin (INN) or indomethacin (USAN and former BAN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling. It works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, molecules known to cause these symptoms. It is marketed under more than seventy different trade names."	Thrombophlebitis	Magnesium Sulfate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/magnesium-sulfate	Magnesium Sulfate	"Also known as Rightstep, Elliotts B, Hemocyte Plus, Ferrocite Plus, Eldertonic, Sulfamag, Tis-U-Sol, Fletchers Magnesium Sulfate, and Ellis Tonic"	"Magnesium sulfate (or magnesium sulphate) is an inorganic salt (chemical compound) containing magnesium, sulfur and oxygen, with the formula MgSO4. It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite (MgSO4·7H2O), commonly called Epsom salt, named for a bitter saline spring from the town of Epsom in Surrey, England, where the salt was produced from the springs that arise where the porous chalk of the North Downs meets non-porous London clay. Epsom salt occurs naturally as a pure mineral. Another hydrate form is kieserite."	Abusing alcohol	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		Abdominal painTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Infrequent menstruationBudesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Muscle painCefdinir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefdinir	Cefdinir	Also known as Omnicef and Omnicef Omni-Pac	"Cefdinir is a third generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ""Fujisawa"" (now Astellas) and introduced in 1991 under the brand name Cefzon. Warner-Lambert licensed this cephalosporin, cefdinir, for marketing in US from Fujisawa, Japan. Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef (Cefdinir) in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company. It was approved by FDA on Dec 4, 1997. It is available in US as Omnicef by Abbott Laboratories and in India as Cednir by Abbott and Cefdiel by Ranbaxy."		Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		AsthmaHydroxyzine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxyzine	Hydroxyzine	"Also known as Hydroxy Compound - Ephedrine, Hydroxyzine & Theophylline, Ami-Rax, Marax, Ucerax, Atarax, Anx, Hyzine, Rezine, Vistacon, and Vistacot"	"Hydroxyzine  is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine classes. It was first synthesized by Union Chimique Belge in 1956 and was marketed by Pfizer in the United States later the same year, and is still in widespread use today."	Itching of unknown cause	Nalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Headache	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		InsomniaNitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Suprapubic pain	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Painful menstruationLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		AnxietyPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		IndigestionTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	West Nile virus	Isosorbide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/isosorbide	Isosorbide	"Also known as Angeze, Elantan, Elantan La, Imdur, Isib, Ismo Retard, Isotrate, Monit, Monit Ls, and Monit Sr"	Isosorbide is a heterocyclic compound that is derived from glucose. It is a white solid that is prepared from glucose. It is used in medicine and has been touted as a potential biofeedstock.	Heart failure	Valsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		Back painTriamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	Orphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Sprain or strain	Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		VomitingBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Mouth ulcerGlipizide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glipizide	Glipizide	Also known as Glucotrol	"Glipizide is an oral rapid- and short-acting anti-diabetic drug from the sulfonylurea class. It is classified as a second generation sulfonylurea, which means that it undergoes enterohepatic circulation. Second-generation sulfonylureas are both more potent and have shorter half-lives than the first-generation sulfonylureas."	Hesitancy	Bacitracin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bacitracin	Bacitracin (Septa)	"Also known as Polysporin, Cortisporin Ointment, Mycitracin Plus Pain Reliever, Neosporin Ointment, Ak-Tracin, Baci-Im, Baciguent, Betadine Antibiotic, Campho-Phenique Maximum Strength, and Medi-Quik"	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, isolation of which was first reported in 1945. These peptides disrupt both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidoglycan synthesis."	Open wound due to trauma	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Connective tissue disorder (Connective Tissue Disease)Irbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Rabies	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		AnxietyFluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nasal polyp	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		NauseaCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		PharyngitisTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Painful urinationFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Ileus	Trazodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/trazodone	Trazodone	"Also known as Desyrel, Molipaxin Cr, Molipaxin, and Oleptro"	"Trazodone (also sold under the brand names Desyrel, Oleptro, Beneficat, Deprax, Desirel, Molipaxin, Thombran, Trazorel, Trialodine, Trittico, and Mesyrel) is an antidepressant of the serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor (SARI) class. It is a phenylpiperazine compound. Trazodone also has anti-anxiety (anxiolytic) and sleep-inducing (hypnotic) effects. Trazodone has considerably fewer prominent anticholinergic (dry mouth, constipation, tachycardia) and sexual side effects than most of the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs)."		ConstipationAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		ProstatitisOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Fluid retentionCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."	Social phobia	Metronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		PainTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		FlushingRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		RestlessnessHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."		DiarrheaDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Itching of unknown causeDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		FeverSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Postpartum depression	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		NauseaZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		High blood pressureRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Mouth drynessIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		HeadacheIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Shortness of breathAmoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Strep throat	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"Telmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Rabies	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Acute bronchospasm	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		Chest painPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) (DVT)Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		PharyngitisLamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Absence of menstruationQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Rabies	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		IndigestionOmega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Rabies	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Chills	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Psychotic disorder	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		WeaknessTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Cirrhosis	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		AnxietyTamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Ear painTamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Weight lossSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."		Sinus congestionEpoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."		Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Emotional symptomsPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		PainOrphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."	Lumbago	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		IndigestionIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		NauseaChondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Joint effusion	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		Muscle weaknessClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Acute otitis mediaOseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		ConjunctivitisPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		Decreased appetiteNystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Onychomycosis	Metaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Muscle spasm	Azelastine Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azelastine-nasal	Azelastine Nasal	null	Azelastine Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sneezing	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		FluPrednisone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisone	Prednisone	"Also known as Decortisyl, Prednicen-M, Sterapred, Liquid Pred, Meticorten, Orasone, Deltasone, and Econosone"	"Prednisone is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant drug. It is used to treat certain inflammatory diseases (such as moderate allergic reactions) and (at higher doses) some types of cancer, but has significant adverse effects. Because it suppresses the immune system, it leaves patients more susceptible to infections."	Allergy	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		InsomniaTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."	Degenerative disc disease	Lithium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lithium	Lithium (Li)	"Also known as Li, Lithium Metallicum, Lithium Carbonate, Lithonate, Lithotabs, Lithobid, Lithane, and Eskalith"	"Lithium (from Greek lithos 'stone') is a chemical element with symbol Li and atomic number 3. It is a soft, silver-white metal belonging to the alkali metal group of chemical elements. Under standard conditions it is the lightest metal and the least dense solid element. Like all alkali metals, lithium is highly reactive and flammable. For this reason, it is typically stored in mineral oil. When cut open, lithium exhibits a metallic luster, but contact with moist air corrodes the surface quickly to a dull silvery gray, then black tarnish. Because of its high reactivity, lithium never occurs freely in nature, and instead, only appears in compounds, which are usually ionic. Lithium occurs in a number of pegmatitic minerals, but due to its solubility as an ion is present in ocean water and is commonly obtained from brines and clays. On a commercial scale, lithium is isolated electrolytically from a mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride."	Schizophrenia	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Polymyalgia rheumatica	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Rabies	Allopurinol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/allopurinol	Allopurinol	"Also known as Caplenal, Cosuric, Rimapurinol, Xanthomax, Zyloprim, Lopurin, Aloprim, Aloral, Aluline, and Hamarin"	"Allopurinol (Zyloprim, and generics) is a drug used primarily to treat hyperuricemia (excess uric acid in blood plasma) and its complications, including chronic gout."	Gout	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Oxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Skin rashPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."	Hypercholesterolemia	Spironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Cardiomyopathy	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	Docusate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/docusate	Docusate (Colace)	"Also known as Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Hemax, Ferralet 90, Ferraplus, Therevac Plus, Enemeez Plus, Ferro-Sequels, and Gentlax S"	"Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate or docusate sodium (INN, pron.: /_d_kju_se_t/) – often referred to as DSS, Aerosol OT or AOT – is a common ingredient in consumer products, especially laxatives of the stool softener type. It is also used as an emulsifying, wetting, and dispersing agent, as a pesticide, as well as a component of the oil dispersant Corexit which was used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010. It is an anionic surfactant, a substance that lowers the surface tension of water."	Rectal bleeding	Psyllium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/psyllium	Psyllium	Also known as Metamucil	"Psyllium /_s_li_m/, or Ispaghula /__sp___u_l_/, is the common name used for several members of the plant genus Plantago whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage."	Pain of the anus	Glimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."		NauseaParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		MigraineTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		AmblyopiaMeclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."		Phenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Hydrocephalus	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		PharyngitisEszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."	Pick disease	Erythromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/erythromycin	Erythromycin	"Also known as Ilotycin, E-Mycin, Ery-Tab, Eryderm, Robimycin, and Eryc"	"Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that has an antimicrobial spectrum similar to or slightly wider than that of penicillin, and is often prescribed for people who have an allergy to penicillins. For respiratory tract infections, it has better coverage of atypical organisms, including Mycoplasma and legionellosis. It was first marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, and it is today commonly known as EES (erythromycin ethylsuccinate, an ester prodrug that is commonly administered). It is also occasionally used as a prokinetic agent."	Pain in eye	Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		Itching of unknown causePhenylephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenylephrine	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	"Also known as Colrex, Covangesic, Emagrin Forte, Hycomine Compound, Rhinogesic, Protid, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold And Sinus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold, Norel Sr, and Sudafed Pe Sinus Headache"	"Phenylephrine is a selective _1-adrenergic receptor agonist used primarily as a decongestant, as an agent to dilate the pupil, and to increase blood pressure. Phenylephrine is marketed as a substitute for the decongestant pseudoephedrine, though clinical studies differ regarding phenylephrine's effectiveness in this role."	Chronic glaucoma	Cetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		Mouth drynessNitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Pulmonary congestion	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		AnxietyPotassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Cardiomyopathy	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Atrophic vaginitis	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Shortness of breathZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		PalpitationsEnalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		CoughOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		PainTriamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Urinary tract infectionTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		ConstipationLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		ConstipationSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) (PTSD)Montelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Food allergy	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."	Cerebral palsy	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		HeadacheAtomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Upper abdominal painEzetimibe	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ezetimibe	Ezetimibe (Zetia)	Also known as Zetia	"Ezetimibe  is a drug that lowers plasma cholesterol levels. It acts by decreasing cholesterol absorption in the intestine. It may be used alone (marketed as Zetia or Ezetrol), when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins (e.g., ezetimibe/simvastatin, marketed as Vytorin and Inegy) when statins alone do not control cholesterol."	Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Hot flashesIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Osteoporosis	Olmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	High blood pressure	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	West Nile virus	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		IndigestionAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Back painMethotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."		Tiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Blastomycosis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		AnginaSpironolactone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/spironolactone	Spironolactone	Also known as Aldactone	"Spironolactone (INN, BAN, USAN) , commonly referred to simply as ""spiro"", and marketed primarily under the brand name Aldactone in most countries, is a synthetic, steroidal antimineralocorticoid agent with additional antiandrogen and weak progestogen properties, as well as some indirect estrogen and glucocorticoid effects, which is used primarily as a diuretic and antihypertensive, but also for the purpose of reducing elevated or unwanted androgen activity in the body. It acts predominantly as a competitive antagonist of the aldosterone (or mineralocorticoid) receptor, and belongs to a class of pharmaceutical drugs known as potassium-sparing diuretics."	Cirrhosis	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		ParesthesiaAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		SweatingLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		VomitingDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Itching of skinPolyethylene Glycol 3350	http://www.symcat.com/medications/polyethylene-glycol-3350	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	"Also known as Moviprep, Golytely, Nulytely, Colyte, Halflytely, Trilyte, Gavilyte-C, Gavilyte-N, Gaviltye-G, and Clenz-Lyte"	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. The structure of PEG is (note the repeated element in parentheses):	Incontinence of stool	Ketorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Back weakness	Sitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		Chest painClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Acne or pimples	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Bipolar disorder	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gentamicin-ophthalmic	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	null	Gentamicin Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	Betamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/betamethasone-topical-product	Betamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Alphatrex Topical Product, Del-Beta Topical Product, Beta-Val Topical Product, Betaderm Topical Product, Diprolene Topical Product, Diprosone Topical Product, Betamethacot Topical Product, Betanate Topical Product, Betatrex Topical Product, and Betnovate Rd Topical Product"	Betamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Phimosis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"Fentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Itching of skinHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."		FatigueDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		InsomniaGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		WeaknessTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		FluProparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Haloperidol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haloperidol	Haloperidol	Also known as Haldol	Haloperidol is a dopamine inverse agonist of the typical antipsychotic class of medications. It is a butyrophenone derivative and has pharmacological effects similar to the phenothiazines.	Fears and phobias	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		FaintingTriamcinolone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone-topical-product	Triamcinolone Topical Product	"Also known as Kenalog Topical Product, Adcortyl Topical Product, Aricin Topical Product, Aristocort Topical Product, Cinalog Topical Product, Cinolar Topical Product, Delta Tritex Topical Product, Flutex Topical Product, Ledercort Topical Product, and Triacet Topical Product"	Triamcinolone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Otitis mediaLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Prostate cancer	Memantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		HeadacheOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Multiple sclerosis	Ceftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Pneumonia	Olmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Levofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."		ParesthesiaZiprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Orthostatic hypotensionMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		HeadacheVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		PainTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Painful menstruationFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		Otitis mediaIbandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		NauseaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		IndigestionMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		Urinary tract infectionCephalexin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cephalexin	Cephalexin	Also known as Keflex	"Cefalexin (INN) or more commonly cephalexin  is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic introduced in 1967 by Eli Lilly and Company. It is an orally administered agent with a similar antimicrobial spectrum to the intravenous agents cefalotin and cefazolin. It was first marketed as Keflex (Lilly), and is marketed under several other trade names."	Open wound of the hand	Dutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Frequent urination	Propofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Colonic polyp	Vitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Folate deficiency	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		PalpitationsAmiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Atrial fibrillation	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Delirium	Propranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Toxic multinodular goiter	Omeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Rabies	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Incontinence of stoolTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		PainClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Tic (movement) disorder	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."	Central atherosclerosis	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."		Itching of unknown causeFamotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."		Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Bipolar disorder	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		FlatulenceDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		FeverLactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Chronic constipation	Mycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Joint painLoperamide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loperamide	Loperamide (Imodium)	"Also known as Arret, Diocaps, Imodium, Loperagen, Normaloe, Lodiar, Anti-Diarrhea, Diamode, Diar-Aid, and Imodium Advanced"	"Loperamide , a piperidine derivative, is an opioid drug used against diarrhea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. In most countries it is available generically and under brand names such as Lopex, Imodium, Dimor, Fortasec, Lopedium, and Pepto Diarrhea Control. It was developed at Janssen Pharmaceutica."		Cramps and spasmsMeloxicam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meloxicam	Meloxicam	Also known as Mobic	"Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and fever reducer effects. It is a derivative of oxicam, closely related to piroxicam, and falls in the enolic acid group of NSAIDs. It was developed by Boehringer-Ingelheim. Meloxicam starts to relieve pain 30–60 minutes after administration."	Lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow)	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/haemophilus-b-conjugate-vaccine-obsolete	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		Difficulty in swallowingTadalafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tadalafil	Tadalafil (Cialis)	Also known as Cialis	"Tadalafil is a PDE5 inhibitor marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction (ED) under the name Cialis, and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. In October 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cialis for treatment the signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) as well as a combination of BPH and erectile dysfunction (ED) when the conditions coincide. It initially was developed by the biotechnology company ICOS, and then again developed and marketed world-wide by Lilly ICOS, LLC, the joint venture of ICOS Corporation and Eli Lilly and Company. Cialis tablets, in 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg doses, are yellow, film-coated, and almond-shaped. The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg (two 20-mg tablets) once daily."		HeadacheFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		FeverCefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."		Hyoscyamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hyoscyamine	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	"Also known as Gastrinex, Donnatal, Antispas, Atrohist Plus, Atrosept, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine) is a tropane alkaloid. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the Solanaceae family, including henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), jimsonweed (Datura stramonium), tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) and deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna). It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine. Hyoscyamine should not be confused with hyoscine, an older alternate name for the related nightshade-derived anticholinergic scopolamine for which it is the precursor."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Vasculitis	Metronidazole Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole-topical-product	Metronidazole Topical Product	"Also known as Anabact Topical Product, Metrocream Topical Product, Metrogel Topical Product, Metrolotion Topical Product, Metrotop Topical Product, Nydamax Topical Product, Obagi Topical Product, Rosadan Topical Product, Rozex Topical Product, and Noritate Topical Product"	Metronidazole Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic keratosis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		Increased heart rateLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		CoughBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		WeaknessCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Menstrual symptomsCeftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Chlamydia	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Abdominal painMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		NauseaAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		Itching of unknown causeQuinapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quinapril	Quinapril	"Also known as Quinaretic 10/12.5, Quinaretic 20/12.5, Quinaretic 20/25, Accuretic 10/12.5, Accuretic 20/12.5, Accuretic 20/25, Accupril, and Accupro"	Quinapril (marketed under the brand name Accupril by Pfizer) is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Blastomycosis	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		DiarrheaTestosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		Hot flashesLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		Painful menstruationPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Complex regional pain syndrome	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."		Baclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		PneumoniaCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) (Reflux)Omeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		Itching of skinClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		ConstipationPioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Rabies	Digoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Cardiomyopathy	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Coughing up sputum	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		FatigueMupirocin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mupirocin-topical	Mupirocin Topical	null	Mupirocin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic ulcer	Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Angina	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.		Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Endocarditis	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		FlatulenceLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		VomitingLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		Nasal congestionNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	Drug abuse	Enoxaparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enoxaparin	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	Also known as Lovenox	"Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin marketed under the trade names Lovenox, Xaparin and Clexane, among others. It is an anticoagulant used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection (by a health care provider or the patient). Its use is evolving in acute coronary syndromes (ACS)."		Peripheral edemaRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		VomitingFluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		GastritisMetaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Chronic back pain	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		AnemiaOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."	Personality disorder	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Drug abuse	Morphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/morphine	Morphine (Rms)	"Also known as Cyclimorph 10, Cyclimorph 15, Nepenthe, M-Eslon, Oramorph, Sevredol, Mxl Brand Of Morphine Sulfate, Morcap Sr, Zomorph, and Kadian"	"Morphine (INN)  is a potent opiate analgesic drug that is used to relieve severe pain. It was first isolated in 1804 by Friedrich Sertürner, first distributed by him in 1817, and first commercially sold by Merck in 1827, which at the time was a single small chemists' shop. It was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic needle in 1857. It took its name from the Greek god of dreams Morpheus (Greek: _______)."	Dislocation of the ankle	Mycophenolate Mofetil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mycophenolate-mofetil	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	Also known as Cellcept	"Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) (brand names CellCept, Myfortic) is an immunosuppressant and prodrug of mycophenolic acid, used extensively in transplant medicine. It is a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in purine (guanine) biosynthesis which is necessary for the growth of T cells and B cells. Other cells are able to recover purines via a separate scavenger pathway and are thus able to escape the effect."	Primary kidney disease	Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		Orthostatic hypotensionLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."		Mouth drynessPotassium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/potassium-chloride	Potassium Chloride	"Also known as Klotrix, Slow-K, K-Lor, and Klorvess"	"The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chlorine. In its pure state, it is odorless and has a white or colorless vitreous crystal appearance, with a crystal structure that cleaves easily in three directions. Potassium chloride crystals are face-centered cubic. Potassium chloride was historically known as ""muriate of potash"". This name is occasionally still encountered in association with its use as a fertilizer. Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used. White potash, sometimes referred to as soluble potash, is usually higher in analysis and is used primarily for making liquid starter fertilizers. KCl is used in medicine, scientific applications, and food processing. It occurs naturally as the mineral sylvite and in combination with sodium chloride as sylvinite."	Heart failure	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Hostile behavior	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Hypercholesterolemia (Elevated Cholesterol)Diltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		HeadacheFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Deviated nasal septum	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		HypoglycemiaLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Metastatic cancer	Alendronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alendronate	Alendronate	Also known as (4-Amino-1-Hydroxybutylidene)Bisphosphonic Acid and Alendronic Acid	"Alendronic acid (INN) or alendronate sodium (USAN) — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis and several other bone diseases. It is marketed alone as well as in combination with vitamin D (2,800 IU and 5600 IU, under the name Fosamax+D). Merck's U.S. patent on alendronate expired in 2008 and Merck lost a series of appeals to block a generic version of the drug from being certified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)."		Abdominal painTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Shingles (herpes zoster) (Zoster)Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Pick disease	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		NauseaClotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal discharge	Divalproex Sodium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/divalproex-sodium	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	"Also known as Depakote, Sodium Divalproex, Valproate Semisodium, Sodium Hydrogen Bis(2-Propylpentanoate), Depakote Er, Epival, Valparin, Epilex, and Abbott 50711"	"Valproic acid (VPA), an acidic chemical compound, has found clinical use as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug, primarily in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and, less commonly, major depression. It is also used to treat migraine headaches and schizophrenia. VPA is a liquid at room temperature, but it can be reacted with a base such as sodium hydroxide to form the salt sodium valproate, which is a solid. The acid, salt, or a mixture of the two (valproate semisodium) are marketed under the various brand names Depakote, Depakote ER, Depakene, Depakene Crono (extended release in Spain), Depacon, Depakine, Valparin and Stavzor."	Personality disorder	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Back painLeuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		AcneLorazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lorazepam	Lorazepam	Also known as Ativan	"Lorazepam (trademarked as Ativan) is a high-potency, intermediate-duration, 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine drug, often used as a sedative. Lorazepam has all six intrinsic benzodiazepine effects: anxiolysis, anterograde amnesia, sedation/hypnosis, anticonvulsion, antiemesis and muscle relaxation. Lorazepam is used for the short-term treatment of anxiety, insomnia, acute seizures including status epilepticus, and sedation of hospitalized patients, as well as sedation of aggressive patients."		ApneaGlimepiride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glimepiride	Glimepiride	Also known as Amaryl	"Glimepiride is a medium- to long-acting sulfonylurea antidiabetic drug. It is marketed as Amaryl by Sanofi-Aventis, GLIMPID by Ranbaxy Laboratories(Cardiovascular) and GLIMY by Dr.Reddy's Labs."	West Nile virus	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Epilepsy	Benzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Congestion in chest	Tiotropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tiotropium	Tiotropium (Spiriva)	Also known as Spiriva	"Tiotropium bromide (INN) is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).In India it is marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Quikhale T'. Tiotropium bromide capsules for inhalation are co-promoted by Boehringer-Ingelheim and Pfizer under the trade name Spiriva. It is also manufactured and marketed by Cipla under trade name Tiova."	Bronchiectasis	Lactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Hepatic encephalopathy	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Bones are painfulPhenobarbital	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenobarbital	Phenobarbital	"Also known as Mudrane, Mudrane Gg, Donnatal, Antispas, Antrocol, Barbidonna, Barophen, Bellalphen, Bellatal, and Chardonna-2"	"Phenobarbital (INN) is a barbiturate and the most widely used anticonvulsant worldwide, and the oldest still commonly used. It also has sedative and hypnotic properties, but as with other barbiturates, it has been superseded by the benzodiazepines for these indications. The World Health Organization recommends its use as first-line for partial and generalized tonic–clonic seizures (those formerly known as grand mal) in developing countries. It is a core medicine in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. In more affluent countries, it is no longer recommended as a first- or second-line choice anticonvulsant for most seizure types, though it is still commonly used to treat neonatal seizures."	Seizures	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Tooth abscess	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		DiarrheaLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Skin rashMesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Ulcerative colitisTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."		DiarrheaEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Back painBumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Atrial fibrillation	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	West Nile virus	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		GynecomastiaCelecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		VomitingOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."		ConstipationSodium Chloride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sodium-chloride	Sodium Chloride (Deep Sea)	"Also known as Nephramine, Trophamine, Clinimix E 4.25/5, Clinimix E 2.75/5, Clinimix E 2.75/10, Clinimix E 4.25/25, Clinimix E 5/15, Clinimix E 5/20, Clinimix E 5/25, and Clinimix E 5/35"	"Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chloride. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. As the major ingredient in edible salt, it is commonly used as a condiment and food preservative."		Carvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Heart failure	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Gastritis	Propranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Migraine	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		EczemaVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."	Depression	Valsartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valsartan	Valsartan (Diovan)	Also known as Diovan	"Valsartan (Angiotan or Diovan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (more commonly called an ""ARB"", or angiotensin receptor blocker), with particularly high affinity for the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor. By blocking the action of angiotensin, valsartan dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. In the U.S., valsartan is indicated for treatment of high blood pressure, congestive heart failure (CHF), or post-myocardial infarction (MI). In 2005, Valsartan was prescribed more than 12 million times in the United States and global sales were approximately $6.1 billion in 2010. The patents for valsartan and valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide expired in September 2012."		Skin rashCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."	Food allergy	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		ConstipationChickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Fat embolism	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Venous insufficiency	Prednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone	Prednisolone	Also known as Hydeltrasol and Prelone	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid, a derivative of cortisol, which is used to treat a variety of inflammatory and auto-immune conditions. It is the active metabolite of the drug prednisone and is used especially in patients with hepatic failure, as these individuals are unable to metabolise prednisone into prednisolone."	Cough	Methylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Allergy	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		Otitis mediaRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Chest painRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		PneumoniaFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."		Back painOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."	Flu	Clindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."	Dental caries	Cefazolin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefazolin	Cefazolin	Also known as Kefzol and Ancef	"Cefazolin (INN), also known as cefazoline or cephazolin, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic."	Open wound of the arm	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		Joint painCetirizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cetirizine	Cetirizine (Zyrtec)	"Also known as Zyrtec-D, Aller-Tec D, Wal Zyr D, Cetiri-D, Zyrtec, Aller-Tec, Alleroff, Wal-Zyr, and Rx-Act All Day Allergy Relief"	"Cetirizine  is a second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergies, hay fever, angioedema, and urticaria. It is a major metabolite of hydroxyzine, and a racemic selective H1 receptor inverse agonist."		Otitis mediaLabetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Shortness of breathBenzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Flu-like syndrome	Dexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Croup	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-h1n1-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, H1N1, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Pick disease	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		LaryngitisTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		FluAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Painful menstruationTizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		ConstipationCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		DiarrheaFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		VomitingParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		FluRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	West Nile virus	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		GastritisClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Abdominal painClonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."	Tourette syndrome	Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		Painful menstruationDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Urinary tract infectionAscorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Heart block	Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		DiarrheaRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."		PainDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."	Acne	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chondroitin-glucosamine	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	null	Chondroitin-Glucosamine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.		Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		Ankle swellingPramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Dementia	Ritonavir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ritonavir	Ritonavir (Norvir)	Also known as Norvir	"Ritonavir, with trade name Norvir (Abbott Laboratories), is an antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS."		Esomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		Mouth drynessDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Involuntary urinationModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Concussion	Benzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Sinus congestion	Sitagliptin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sitagliptin	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	"Also known as Janumet 50/1000, Janumet 50/500, Janumet 100/1000, Juvisync 100/10, Juvisync 100/20, Juvisync 100/40, and Januvia"	"Sitagliptin (INN; previously identified as MK-0431 and marketed as the phosphate salt under the trade name Januvia) is an oral antihyperglycemic (antidiabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class. It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is used either alone or in combination with other oral antihyperglycemic agents (such as metformin or a thiazolidinedione) for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. The benefit of this medicine is its fewer side effects (e.g., less hypoglycemia, less weight gain) in the control of blood glucose values. While safety is its advantage, efficacy is often challenged as it is often recommended to be combined with other agents like metformin."	Blastomycosis	Olmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Diabetic kidney disease	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		Mouth drynessBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Neck painAlprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."		ParesthesiaEpoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Viral hepatitis	Gemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Hyperlipidemia	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Ear painMethylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Drug reaction	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Hot flashesMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		AnxietyTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Ear painDiclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		Abdominal painFluoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluoxetine	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	"Also known as Prozac, Prozac Weekly, Rapiflux, Sarafem, Reconcile, Symbyax 6/25, Symbyax 12/50, Symbyax 6/50, Symbyax 12/25, and Symbyax 3/25"	"Fluoxetine (also known by the tradenames Prozac, Sarafem, Fontex, among others) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. Fluoxetine was first documented in 1974 by scientists from Eli Lilly and Company. It was presented to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 1977, with Eli Lilly receiving final approval to market the drug in December 1987. Fluoxetine went off-patent in August 2001."		FeverTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Weight lossGabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."	Shingles (herpes zoster)	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		RestlessnessModafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Muscle painLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Wheezing	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	Azithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Cough	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."	Acute bronchitis	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Pick disease	Calcium Carbonate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/calcium-carbonate	Calcium Carbonate	"Also known as Tempo Brand Of Antacid, Prenatal Rx 1, Lactocal, Bayer Aspirin Plus Calcium, Folgard Os, Calcium Antacid, Caltrate 600 + Iron & Vitamin D, Florical, Advanced Formula Di-Gel, and Alka-Mints"	"Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when Ca ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid, but excessive consumption can be hazardous."		Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		FlatulenceAnastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		Shortness of breathVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		SweatingMontelukast	http://www.symcat.com/medications/montelukast	Montelukast (Singulair)	Also known as Singulair	"Montelukast (trade names Singulair, Montelo-10 and Monteflo in India) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast is a CysLT1 antagonist; it blocks the action of leukotriene D4 (and secondary ligands LTC4 and LTE4) on the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene and results in less inflammation.In India it is also marketed by Intas under the trade name 'Lukotas'."	Blastomycosis	Digoxin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/digoxin	Digoxin	Also known as Lanoxin	"Digoxin INN (/d__d__ks_n/) is a purified cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata. Its corresponding aglycone is digoxigenin, and its acetyl derivative is acetyldigoxin. Digoxin is widely used in the treatment of various heart conditions, namely atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter and sometimes heart failure that cannot be controlled by other medication. Digoxin preparations are commonly marketed under the trade names Lanoxin, Digitek, and Lanoxicaps. It is also available as a 0.05 mg/ml oral solution and 0.25 mg/ml or 0.5 mg/ml injectable solution. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and many other pharmaceutic manufacturers."	Coronary atherosclerosis	Loratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Pick disease	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Urinary tract infectionNifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Primary kidney disease	Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Urge incontinence	Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Muscle painTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		NauseaLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Neck painTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		WeaknessPhenytoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/phenytoin	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	"Also known as Euthasol, Pentran, Dilantin, Epanutin, Di-Phen, Epanutin Ready Mixed Parenteral, Phenytek, and Epanutin Infatab"	"Phenytoin sodium (/f__n_to__n/) is a commonly used antiepileptic. Phenytoin acts to suppress the abnormal brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells by stabilizing the inactive state of voltage-gated sodium channels. Aside from seizures, it is an option in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia in the event that carbamazepine or other first-line treatment seems inappropriate."	Intracranial hemorrhage	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		PainEmtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Syphilis	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Tension headacheRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		IndigestionMemantine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/memantine	Memantine (Namenda)	Also known as Namenda	"Memantine is the first in a novel class of Alzheimer's disease medications acting on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA-type glutamate receptors. It was first synthesized by Eli Lilly and Company in 1968. Memantine is marketed under the brands Axura and Akatinol by Merz, Namenda by Forest, Ebixa and Abixa by Lundbeck and Memox by Unipharm. Memantine has been shown to have a modest effect in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease  and in dementia with Lewy bodies. Despite years of research, there is little evidence of effect in mild Alzheimer's disease."		VomitingTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Blastomycosis	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		FatigueSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		Skin rashDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		ParesthesiaLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		HypoglycemiaVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		DiarrheaCyclobenzaprine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cyclobenzaprine	Cyclobenzaprine	Also known as Amrix	"Cyclobenzaprine, brand name Flexeril, is a muscle relaxant medication used to relieve skeletal muscle spasms and associated pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. It is the best-studied drug for this application, and it also has been used off-label for fibromyalgia treatment. A new bedtime formulation of cyclobenzaprine is under development for the management of fibromyalgia syndrome."	Chronic back pain	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		Sleep disturbanceHydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Chronic pancreatitis	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Fat embolism	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."	Hostile behavior	Lovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		WeaknessOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Itching of skinCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		SweatingMetoclopramide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoclopramide	Metoclopramide	"Also known as Reglan, Primperan, Mygdalon, Maxolon, Gastrobid Continus, Gastroflux, Gastromax, Maxolon Sr, Metramid, and Parmid"	"Metoclopramide (INN)  is an antiemetic and gastroprokinetic agent. It is commonly used to treat nausea and vomiting, to facilitate gastric emptying in people with gastroparesis, and as a treatment for the gastric stasis often associated with migraine headaches."	Hyperemesis gravidarum	Propofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."		Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		AnxietyRotavirus Vaccines	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rotavirus-vaccines	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	"Also known as Rotavirus Vaccine, Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, and Rotarix"	"A rotavirus vaccine protects children from rotaviruses, which are the leading cause of severe diarrhea among infants and young children. Each year an estimated 453,000 children die from diarrhoeal disease caused by rotavirus, most of whom live in developing countries, and another two million are hospitalised. Rotavirus is highly contagious and resistant and, regardless of water quality and available sanitation nearly every child in the world is at risk of infection."	Seborrheic dermatitis	Doxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Ringing in earOmega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Hypergammaglobulinemia	Latanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Macular degeneration	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		ConjunctivitisRisedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Personality disorderDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		HeadacheLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		IndigestionMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Idiopathic absence of menstruation	Mirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		PainLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		MigraineNystatin Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nystatin-topical-product	Nystatin Topical Product	"Also known as Nyamyc Topical Product, Nystan Topical Product, Nystex Topical Product, Nystop Topical Product, Pedi-Dri Topical Product, Pediaderm Af Topical Product, Mycostatin Topical Product, and Mycostatin Topical Topical Product"	Nystatin Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Abnormal appearing tongue	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."		Neck painMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."	Benign vaginal discharge (leukorrhea)	Quetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		ChillsEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."		ConstipationFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Double visionLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		PainLactulose	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lactulose	Lactulose	Also known as Cephulac and Chronulac	"Lactulose (/_læktj_lo_z/) is a synthetic, non-digestible sugar used in the treatment of chronic constipation and hepatic encephalopathy, a complication of liver disease. It is a disaccharide (double-sugar) formed from one molecule each of the simple sugars (monosaccharides) fructose and galactose. It is produced commercially by isomerization of lactose."	Liver disease	Paclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."		AnemiaParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Muscle stiffness or tightnessBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."	Acute bronchiolitis	Enalapril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/enalapril	Enalapril	"Also known as Teczem, Innovace, Renitec, Vaseretic, Vasotec, Lexxel 5/2.5, and Lexxel 5/5"	"Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the USA, Enaladex in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use) is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. ACE converts the peptide hormone angiotensin I to angiotensin II. One of the actions of angiotensin II is the vasoconstriction of blood vessels resulting in an increase in blood pressure. ACE inhibitors such as enalapril prevent this effect. Enalapril has been shown to lower the death rate in systolic heart failure. Enalapril was the first member of the group known as the dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitors."		NauseaClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."	Bipolar disorder	Ceftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."	Penile discharge	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		FlatulenceValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."	Lip sore	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."		Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		NosebleedClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Disturbance of memoryMethotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Cholecystitis	Pseudoephedrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pseudoephedrine	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	"Also known as Sinutab, Drixoral Sinus, Robitussin Night Relief, Actifed Cold & Sinus, Actifed Plus, Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Liquigel, Allerest Headache Strength, Allerest No Drowsiness, Allerest Sinus, and Bayer Select Decongestant"	"Pseudoephedrine  is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It may be used as a nasal/sinus decongestant, as a stimulant, or as a wakefulness-promoting agent."	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	Insulin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin	Insulin	"Also known as Insulin, Regular, Humulin R, and Novolin R"	"Insulin is a peptide hormone, produced by beta cells of the pancreas, and is central to regulating carbohydrate and fat metabolism in the body. Insulin causes cells in the liver, skeletal muscles, and fat tissue to absorb glucose from the blood. In the liver and skeletal muscles, glucose is stored as glycogen, and in fat cells (adipocytes) it is stored as triglycerides."		HypoglycemiaNiacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Hypercholesterolemia	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."	Kidney failure	Estradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."		Sinus congestionTetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound of the head	Lansoprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lansoprazole	Lansoprazole (Prevacid)	Also known as Prevacid	Lansoprazole  is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which inhibits the stomach's production of gastric acids. It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names. In the United States it was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1995.	Rabies	Pregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."	Fibromyalgia	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Sickle cell crisis	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		AnxietyRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."	Diabetic retinopathy	Tramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."		Decreased appetiteBumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Peripheral edema	Albuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Cramps and spasmsBumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Chronic kidney disease	Amoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."		NauseaAtorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	Fat embolism	Ondansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."		Decreased heart rateParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."	Pick disease	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		AmblyopiaLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		Cramps and spasmsAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.	Friedrich ataxia	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)		Vaginal bleedingGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."		Skin rashLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		HeadacheIpratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		CoughDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		PainWarfarin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/warfarin	Warfarin	"Also known as Coumadin, Jantoven, Narfarin, and Marfarin"	"Warfarin (also known under the brand names Coumadin, Jantoven, Marevan, Lawarin, Waran, and Warfant) is an anticoagulant normally used in the prevention of thrombosis and thromboembolism, the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels and their migration elsewhere in the body respectively. It was initially introduced in 1948 as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still used for this purpose, although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed. In the early 1950s warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism (abnormal formation and migration of blood clots) in many disorders. It was approved for use as a medication in 1954 and has remained popular ever since; warfarin is the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulant drug in North America."	Atrial fibrillation	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."	Epilepsy	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		PneumoniaMeclizine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meclizine	Meclizine	"Also known as Bonine, Ru-Vert-M, Antivert, D-Vert, Driminate Ii, Meclicot, Medivert, Meni-D, Travel-Ease, and Bonikraft"	"Meclozine (INN, or meclizine) is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic. It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine (Less Drowsy Formulation). Emesafene is a combination of meclozine (1/3) and pyridoxine (2/3). In Canada, Antivert Tab (which is no longer available) was a combination of meclozine and nicotinic acid."	Ringing in ear	Budesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Plugged feeling in ear	Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		Shortness of breathClindamycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clindamycin	Clindamycin	Also known as Cleocin	"Clindamycin rINN  is a lincosamide antibiotic. It is usually used to treat infections with anaerobic bacteria, but can also be used to treat some protozoal diseases, such as malaria. It is a common topical treatment for acne and can be useful against some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections."		Back painRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Stiffness all overProparacaine Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/proparacaine-ophthalmic	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	null	Proparacaine Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diminished vision	Carbamazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carbamazepine	Carbamazepine	Also known as Tegretol and Epitol	"Carbamazepine (CBZ) (Tegretol, Equetro) is an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, as well as trigeminal neuralgia. It is also used off-label for a variety of indications, including attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, phantom limb syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder, neuromyotonia, intermittent explosive disorder, borderline personality disorder, Myotonia congenita and post-traumatic stress disorder."		HeadacheFolic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/folic-acid	Folic Acid	Also known as Folacin	"Folic acid (also known as folate, vitamin M, vitamin B9, vitamin Bc (or folacin), pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Folate is composed of the aromatic pteridine ring linked to para-aminobenzoic acid and one or more glutamate residues. Folic acid is itself not biologically active, but its biological importance is due to tetrahydrofolate and other derivatives after its conversion to dihydrofolic acid in the liver."		Clopidogrel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clopidogrel	Clopidogrel (Plavix)	Also known as Plavix	"Clopidogrel (INN) is an oral, thienopyridine class antiplatelet agent used to inhibit blood clots in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi under the trade name Plavix. The drug works by irreversibly inhibiting a receptor called P2Y12, an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) chemoreceptor on platelet cell membranes. Adverse effects include hemorrhage, severe neutropenia, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP)."	Ischemic heart disease	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Muscle painAcyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/acyclovir	Acyclovir	Also known as Zovirax	"Aciclovir (INN)  or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN), chemical name acycloguanosine, abbreviated as ACV, is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug, marketed under trade names such as Cyclovir, Herpex, Acivir, Acivirax, Zovirax, Zoral, and Xovir. One of the most commonly used antiviral drugs, it is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, as well as in the treatment of varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles)."	Multiple myeloma	Hydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Heart failure	Olanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Orthostatic hypotensionPrednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spots or clouds in vision	Tizanidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tizanidine	Tizanidine	Also known as Zanaflex	"Tizanidine (trade names Zanaflex, Sirdalud) is a drug that is used as a muscle relaxant. It is a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. It is used to treat the spasms, cramping, and tightness of muscles caused by medical problems such as multiple sclerosis, ALS, spastic diplegia, back pain, or certain other injuries to the spine or central nervous system. It is also prescribed off-label for migraine headaches, as a sleep aid, and as an anticonvulsant. It is also prescribed for some symptoms of fibromyalgia."		WeaknessSertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		PainTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."		Muscle painOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		Diminished visionTramadol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tramadol	Tramadol	Also known as Ryzolt	"Tramadol hydrochloride (trademarked as Conzip, Ryzolt, Ultracet, Ultram in the USA, Ralivia, Zytram XL Durella{CR-100/200 mg} in Canada or Adolonta in Spain) is a centrally acting synthetic analgesic used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. The drug has a wide range of applications, including treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, restless legs syndrome, motor neurone disease and fibromyalgia. It was launched and marketed as Tramal by the German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal GmbH in 1977."	Posture problems	Celecoxib	http://www.symcat.com/medications/celecoxib	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	Also known as Celebrex	"Celecoxib INN (/s_l__k_ks_b/ SE-l_-KOK-sib) is a sulfonamide nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and selective COX-2 inhibitor used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer. It is known under the brand name Celebrex or Celebra for arthritis and Onsenal for polyps. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form."		Shortness of breathAmitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Rabies	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."		Absence of menstruationBaclofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/baclofen	Baclofen	"Also known as Lioresal, Kemstro, and Gablofen"	"Baclofen (brand names Kemstro, Lioresal, Liofen, Gablofen, Beklo and Baclosan) is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early research stages for use for the treatment of alcoholism. It is also used by compounding pharmacies in topical pain creams as a muscle relaxant."		ConstipationDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Incontinence of stoolRosiglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/rosiglitazone	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	"Also known as Avandamet 2/500, Avandamet 1/500, Avandamet 4/1000, Avandamet 2/1000, Avandamet 4/500, Avandaryl 4/4, Avandaryl 4/2, Avandaryl 4/1, Avandaryl 8/2, and Avandaryl 8/4"	"Rosiglitazone (trade name Avandia, GlaxoSmithKline) is an antidiabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It works as an insulin sensitizer, by binding to the PPAR receptors in fat cells and making the cells more responsive to insulin. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a stand-alone drug or in combination with metformin (trade name Avandamet) or with glimepiride (trade name Avandaryl). First released in 1999, annual sales peaked at approximately $2.5bn in 2006, but declined after the drug was found to increase risk of heart attacks. The drug's patent expired in 2012."		HeadacheKetorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."		Ramipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."	Cardiomyopathy	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		Retention of urineNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Joint painDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		AnxietyLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		InsomniaRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Joint painBumetanide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bumetanide	Bumetanide	Also known as Bumex	"Bumetanide (trade names Bumex or Burinex) is a loop diuretic of the sulfamyl category to treat heart failure. It is often used in people in whom high doses of furosemide are ineffective. It is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche. The main difference between the two substances is in bioavailability and pharmacodynamic potency. Furosemide is incompletely absorbed in the intestine (60%), and there is substantial inter- and intraindividual differences in bioavailability (range 10-90%). Bumetanide is almost completely absorbed (80%), and the absorption is not altered when it is taken with food. It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect."	Kidney failure	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Incontinence of stoolVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		IndigestionPyridoxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pyridoxine	Pyridoxine	"Also known as Natelle, Ocean Blue Nutritionals Vitamin B Plus Omega-3 1450, Citranatal Harmony, Nexa Select, Prenexa Premier, Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Natafort, Vitabee With C, and Infuvite"	"Pyridoxine is one of the compounds that can be called vitamin B6, along with pyridoxal and pyridoxamine. It differs from pyridoxamine by the substituent at the '4' position. Its hydrochloride salt pyridoxine hydrochloride is often used."	Myelodysplastic syndrome	Prochlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Vomiting blood	Epoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epoetin-alfa	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	"Also known as Eprex, Epogen, and Procrit"	"Erythropoietin, also known as erythropoetin or erthropoyetin (/__r__r__p__._t_n/, /__r__r__p__t_n/, and /__ri__r_-/) or EPO, is a glycoprotein hormone that controls erythropoiesis, or red blood cell production. It is a cytokine (protein signaling molecule) for erythrocyte (red blood cell) precursors in the bone marrow. Human EPO has a molecular weight of 34 kDa."	Kidney failure	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/beclomethasone-nasal-product	Beclomethasone Nasal Product	"Also known as Beclo-Aqua 50 Nasal Product, Beconase Nasal Product, Vancenase Nasal Product, and Qnasl Nasal Product"	Beclomethasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nasal polyp	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		MelenaThyroid (Usp)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroid-usp	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	"Also known as Armour Thyroid, Natural Thyroid, Westhroid, Nature-Throid, Thyrotab, Etwon, and Bio-Throid"	"Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. Pork (or mixed beef and pork) thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still used today to treat hypothyroidism, the condition of having an underactive thyroid gland. This product is sometimes referred to as ""natural thyroid"", ""natural thyroid hormones"", ""pork thyroid"", thyroid USP, thyroid BP, or by the name of a commercial brand, such as ""Armour Thyroid"" or ""Nature-Throid"" & ""Westhroid""."	Menopause	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."	Pulmonary hypertension	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Ulcerative colitis	Nabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Temporomandibular joint disorder	Nicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."	West Nile virus	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Skin rashOlmesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olmesartan	Olmesartan (Benicar)	"Also known as Benicar Hct 40/25, Benicar Hct 40/12.5, Benicar Hct 20/12.5, Tribenzor 20/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/12.5, Tribenzor 40/10/25, Tribenzor 40/5/12.5, Tribenzor 40/5/25, Azor 10/20, and Azor 10/40"	"Olmesartan medoxomil (trade names: Benicar in the US, Olmetec in EU, Canada and Japan, WinBP, Golme in India, Erastapex in Egypt) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat high blood pressure."	Sjogren syndrome	Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Decreased appetiteValacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		NauseaAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		CoryzaMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Abdominal painTriamcinolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamcinolone	Triamcinolone	Also known as Aristocort	"Triamcinolone is a long-acting synthetic corticosteroid given orally, by injection, by inhalation, or as a topical ointment or cream."	Psoriasis	Metformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."	Pick disease	Sumatriptan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sumatriptan	Sumatriptan (Imitrex)	"Also known as Treximet, Imigran, Imitrex, Trexima, Sumavel Dosepro, and Alsuma"	"Sumatriptan is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class, used for the treatment of migraine headaches. Structurally, it is an analog of the naturally occurring neuro-active alkaloids dimethyltryptamine (DMT), bufotenine, and 5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine, with an N-methyl sulfonamidomethyl- group at position C-5 on the indole ring."		FlushingHydrochlorothiazide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrochlorothiazide	Hydrochlorothiazide	Also known as Hydrodiuril	"Hydrochlorothiazide, abbreviated HCTZ, HCT, or HZT, is a diuretic drug of the thiazide class that acts by inhibiting the kidneys' ability to retain water. This reduces the volume of the blood, decreasing blood return to the heart and thus cardiac output and, by other mechanisms, is believed to lower peripheral vascular resistance. Hydrochlorothiazide is a calcium-sparing diuretic, meaning it can help the body get rid of excess water while still keeping calcium."		HeadacheLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		DiarrheaSildenafil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sildenafil	Sildenafil (Viagra)	Also known as Viagra and Revatio	"Sildenafil citrate, sold as Viagra, Revatio and under various other trade names, is a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was originally developed by British scientists and then brought to market by the US-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer. It acts by inhibiting cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5, an enzyme that promotes degradation of cGMP, which regulates blood flow in the penis. Since becoming available in 1998, sildenafil has been the prime treatment for erectile dysfunction; its primary competitors on the market are tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra)."		Peripheral edemaBupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Itching of unknown causeAtenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Leg painHuman Papillomavirus Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/human-papillomavirus-vaccine	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	"Also known as Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, Hpv, Recombinant Human Papilloma Virus Vaccine, and Hpv Vaccine"	"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus from the papillomavirus family that is capable of infecting humans. Like all papillomaviruses, HPVs establish productive infections only in keratinocytes of the skin or mucous membranes. While the majority of the known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people, some types can cause warts (verrucae), while others can – in a minority of cases – lead to cancers of the cervix, vulva, vagina, penis, oropharynx and anus. Recently, HPV has been linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, HPV 16 and 18 infections are strongly associated with an increased odds ratio of developing oropharyngeal (throat) cancer."	Pick disease	Nabumetone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nabumetone	Nabumetone	Also known as Relafen	"Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), the only 1-naphthaleneacetic acid derivative. Nabumetone has been developed by Beecham. It is available under numerous brand names, such as Relafen, Relifex, and Gambaran."	Spondylitis	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.	Lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow)	Fenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Hemolytic anemia	Meperidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/meperidine	Meperidine (Demerol)	"Also known as Pethilorfan, Mepergan, Mepergan Fortis, Meprozine, and Demerol"	Pethidine (INN) or meperidine hydrochloride (USAN) (commonly referred to as Demerol in the US but also referred to as: isonipecaine; lidol; pethanol; piridosal; Algil; Alodan; Centralgin; Dispadol; Dolantin; Mialgin (in Indonesia); Petidin Dolargan (in Poland); Dolestine; Dolosal; Dolsin; Mefedina) is a fast-acting opioid analgesic drug.	Hiatal hernia	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		SweatingMetformin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metformin	Metformin	"Also known as Glucovance 1.25 Mg/250 Mg, Glucovance 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucovance 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/250 Mg, Metaglip 5 Mg/500 Mg, Metaglip 2.5 Mg/500 Mg, Glucamet, Glucophage, Riomet, and Fortamet"	"Metformin (BP, pronounced /m_t_f_rm_n/, met-FAWR-min; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class. It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function. Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns. It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor. Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver."		NauseaDoxazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxazosin	Doxazosin	Also known as Cardura	"Doxazosin mesylate, a quinazoline compound sold by Pfizer under the brand names Cardura and Carduran, is an _1-selective alpha blocker used to treat high blood pressure and urinary retention associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)."		Mouth drynessColchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		DiarrheaClonazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonazepam	Clonazepam	"Also known as Klonopin, Rivotril, Klonopin Wafer, Valpax, and Ceberclon"	"Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine drug having anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, sedative, and hypnotic properties. It is marketed by Roche under the trade name Klonopin in the United States and Rivotril in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, India, South Korea, Mexico and Europe. Other names such as Ravotril, Rivatril, Clonex, Paxam, Petril or Kriadex are known throughout the rest of the world. Clonazepam has an unusually long elimination half-life of 18–50 hours, making it generally considered to be among the long-acting benzodiazepines. Clonazepam is a chlorinated derivative of nitrazepam and therefore a chloro-nitrobenzodiazepine."		Emotional symptomsMetaxalone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metaxalone	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	Also known as Skelaxin	"Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin is available in an 800 mg scored tablet. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects, such as dizziness, headache, and irritability."	Neck pain	Ceftriaxone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ceftriaxone	Ceftriaxone	Also known as Rocephin	"Ceftriaxone (INN)  is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to cefotaxime in terms of safety and efficacy. Ceftriaxone sodium is marketed by Hoffmann-La Roche under the trade name Rocephin."		Citalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		FatigueTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."	Ovarian cancer	Levalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."		IndigestionVitamin B 12	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-b-12	Vitamin B 12	Also known as Calomist	"Cyanocobalamin is the most common and widely produced of the chemical compounds that have vitamin activity as vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is the ""generic descriptor"" name for any of such vitamers of vitamin B12. Because the body can convert cyanocobalamin to any one of the active vitamin B12 compounds, by definition this makes cyanocobalamin itself a form (or vitamer) of B12, albeit a largely artificial one."	Intestinal malabsorption	Ipratropium	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ipratropium	Ipratropium	"Also known as Combivent, Duoneb, Combivent 20/100, Atrovent, Atrovent Forte, Rinatec, Atrovent Nasal, Steri-Neb Ipratropium, Respontin Nebules, and Tropiovent Steripoule"	"Ipratropium bromide (INN, trade names Atrovent, Apovent, Ipraxa, Aerovent and Rinatec) is an anticholinergic drug used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs, opening the bronchi."		ConstipationEsomeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/esomeprazole	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	"Also known as Vimovo 375/20, Vimovo 500/20, and Nexium"	"Esomeprazole (/i_s__m_pr_zo_l/) is a proton pump inhibitor (brand name Nexium) which reduces acid secretion through inhibition of the H+ / K+ ATPase in gastric parietal cells. By inhibiting the functioning of this transporter, the drug prevents formation of gastric acid."	Vocal cord polyp	Leuprolide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/leuprolide	Leuprolide (Lupron)	"Also known as Lupron, Lupron Depot, Viadur, and Eligard"	Leuprorelin (INN) or leuprolide acetate (USAN) is a GnRH analog. Proper Sequence: Pyr-His-Trp-Ser-Tyr-D-Leu-Leu-Arg-Pro-NHEt (Pyr = L-Pyroglutamyl)	Hormone disorder	Methotrexate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methotrexate	Methotrexate	"Also known as Maxtrex, Folex Pfs, Emtexate, and Rheumatrex"	"Methotrexate (rINN) , abbreviated MTX and formerly known as amethopterin, is an antimetabolite and antifolate drug. It is used in treatment of cancer, autoimmune diseases, ectopic pregnancy, and for the induction of medical abortions. It acts by inhibiting the metabolism of folic acid. Methotrexate began to replace the more toxic antifolate aminopterin starting in the 1950s. The drug was developed by Yellapragada Subbarao."	Psoriasis	Nalbuphine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nalbuphine	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	Also known as Nubain	"Nalbuphine is a semi-synthetic opioid used commercially as an analgesic under a variety of trade names, including Nubain."	Blastomycosis	Nitroglycerin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitroglycerin	Nitroglycerin	Also known as Rectiv	"Nitroglycerin (NG), also known as nitroglycerine, trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, or nitro, is more correctly known as glyceryl trinitrate or more formally: 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane. It is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid most commonly produced by treating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester. Chemically, the substance is an organic nitrate compound rather than a nitro compound, but the traditional name is often retained. Since the 1860s, nitroglycerin has been used as an active ingredient in the manufacture of explosives, mostly dynamite, and as such it is employed in the construction, demolition, and mining industries. Similarly, since the 1880s, it has been used by the military as an active ingredient, and a gelatinizer for nitrocellulose, in some solid propellants, such as Cordite and Ballistite."	Heart attack	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."	Rectal disorder	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		IndigestionAlbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/albuterol	Albuterol	"Also known as Ventolin, Airomir, Combivent, Salamol, Salamol Easi-Breathe, Salbulin, Volmax, Ventodisks, Libetist, and Ventolin Easi-Breathe"	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN) is a short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is marketed as Ventolin among other brand names.		Swollen lymph nodesPropofol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propofol	Propofol	Also known as Diprivan	"Propofol (INN, marketed as Diprivan by AstraZeneca) is a short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent. Its uses include the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia, sedation for mechanically ventilated adults, and procedural sedation. Propofol is also commonly used in veterinary medicine. Propofol is approved for use in more than 50 countries, and generic versions are available."	Dislocation of the shoulder	Orphenadrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/orphenadrine	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	"Also known as Norgesic, Orphengesic, Biorphen, Disipal, Banflex, Flexoject, Flexon, Mio-Rel, Myolin, and Orfro"	"Orphenadrine (sold under the brand names: Norflex, Mephenamin, Disipal, Banflex, Flexon, Biorphen, Brocasipal, Dolan, Norgesic, OrfenAce and others) is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent CNS and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms, other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of some aspects of Parkinson's Disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's like benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is a centrally-acting yet non-opioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including pain from: radiculopathy, muscle pain, and headaches. Orphenadrine has approximately 58% of the anticholinergic potency of atropine at equivalent doses."		Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Congestion in chest	Tetracaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetracaine	Tetracaine (One Touch)	"Also known as Cetacaine, Zap Benzocaine Tetracaine Combination, Exactacain, One Touch, Freeze Brand Of Benzocaine, Zap Brand Of Benzocaine/Tetracaine, One Touch Reformulated Apr 2009, Denticare Denti Freeze Gel, Synera, and Pliaglis"	"Tetracaine (INN, also known as amethocaine; trade name Pontocaine. Ametop and Dicaine) is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia."	Corneal abrasion	Pioglitazone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pioglitazone	Pioglitazone (Actos)	"Also known as Actoplus Met 15/850, Actoplus Met 15/500, Actoplus Met 15/1000, Actoplus Met 30/1000, Duetact 30/4, Duetact 30/2, and Actos"	"Pioglitazone is a prescription drug of the class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (antihyperglycemic, antidiabetic) action to treat diabetes. It is used to improve glucose control in adults over the age of 18 with type 2 diabetes. Pioglitazone is marketed as trademarks Actos in the USA, Canada, the UK and Germany, Glustin in Europe, Glizone and Pioz in India by Zydus Cadila and USV Limited, respectively and Zactos in Mexico by Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Actos was the tenth-best selling drug in the U.S. in 2008, with sales exceeding $2.4 billion. Its cardiovascular safety profile compares favorably with rosiglitazone (Avandia), which was withdrawn after concerns about an increased risk of cardiac events. However, pioglitazone has subsequently been found to be associated with bladder tumors and has been withdrawn in some countries."	Benign kidney cyst	Nortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Peripheral nerve disorder	Amoxicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amoxicillin	Amoxicillin	"Also known as Wymox, Amoxil, and Trimox"	"Amoxicillin (INN), formerly amoxycillin (BAN), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, _-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other _-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children. The drug became available in 1972."	Sore lymph nodes	Timolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/timolol	Timolol	Also known as Blocadren and Betimol	"Timolol maleate is a non-selective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated for treating glaucoma, heart attacks and hypertension."		FatigueRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		Mouth drynessGlyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."	Diabetes	Verapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."		PainFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		SleepinessCitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/citalopram	Citalopram (Celexa)	Also known as Celexa	"Citalopram (/sa__tæl_præm/; brand names: Celexa, Cipramil) is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat major depression, and is prescribed off-label for other conditions."		IndigestionMedroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."		Itching of unknown causeKetoconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketoconazole	Ketoconazole	Also known as Nizoral and Xolegel	"Ketoconazole  is a synthetic antifungal and antiandrogenic drug used to prevent and treat fungal skin infections, especially in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those on chemotherapy. Ketoconazole is sold commercially as an antidandruff shampoo, topical cream, and oral tablet."	Eczema	Fluticasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-topical-product	Fluticasone Topical Product	Also known as Cutivate Topical Product	Fluticasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	Paroxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		VaginitisPaclitaxel	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paclitaxel	Paclitaxel (Taxol)	Also known as Taxol	"Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel."	Mastectomy	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/silver-sulfadiazine-topical	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	null	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetic peripheral neuropathy	Ketorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Kidney stone	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		InsomniaHydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hemorrhoids	Valacyclovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/valacyclovir	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	Also known as Valtrex	"Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster (shingles), and herpes B. It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex. Valaciclovir has been available as a generic drug in the U.S. since November 25, 2009."		VomitingCefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Sinus congestion	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	http://www.symcat.com/medications/influenza-virus-vaccine-inactivated	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated"	null	"Influenza Virus Vaccine, Inactivated is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest."	Blastomycosis	Oseltamivir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oseltamivir	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	Also known as Tamiflu	"Oseltamivir INN , marketed under the trade name Tamiflu, is an antiviral drug, which may slow the spread of influenza (flu) virus between cells in the body by stopping the virus from chemically cutting ties with its host cell. The drug is taken orally in capsules or as a suspension. It is used to treat influenza A virus and influenza B virus. Oseltamivir is a prodrug, a (relatively) inactive chemical, which is converted into its active form by metabolic process after it is taken into the body. It was the first orally active neuraminidase inhibitor commercially developed. It was developed by C.U. Kim, W. Lew, and X. Chen of US-based Gilead Sciences, and is marketed by Genentech."		DiarrheaDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		MigrainePenicillin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/penicillin	Penicillin	"Also known as Penicillin G Sodium, Benzylpenicillin Sodium, 4-Thia-1-Azabicyclo(3.2.0)Heptane-2-Carboxylic Acid, 3,3-Dimethyl-7-Oxo-6-((Phenylacetyl)Amino)-,(2S-(2Alpha,5Alpha,6Beta))-, Monosodium Salt, Benzylpenicillin Sodium Salt, Sugracillin Sodium Salt, Novocillin, Penilaryn, and Veticillin"	"Penicillin (sometimes abbreviated PCN or pen) is a group of antibiotics derived from Penicillium fungi. They include penicillin G, procaine penicillin, benzathine penicillin, and penicillin V. Penicillin antibiotics are historically significant because they are the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases, such as syphilis, and infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci. Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria are now resistant. All penicillins are _-lactam antibiotics and are used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually Gram-positive, organisms."	Gum disease	Fluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pick disease	Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		FatigueHydrocortisone Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocortisone-topical	Hydrocortisone Topical	null	Hydrocortisone Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Skin disorder (Skin Disease)Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."		DiarrheaOxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Avascular necrosis	Medroxyprogesterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/medroxyprogesterone	Medroxyprogesterone	Also known as Curretab	"Medroxyprogesterone (INN, BAN), also known as 17_-hydroxy-6_-methylprogesterone, and abbreviated as MP, is a steroidal progestin drug which was never marketed for use in humans. An acylated derivative, medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA), is clinically used as a pharmaceutical medicine. Compared to MPA, MP is over two orders of magnitude less potent as a progestogen. As such, MP itself is not used clinically, though it has seen limited use in veterinary medicine under the trade name Controlestril in France. In addition, it is an metabolite of MPA."	Vaginal cyst	Clarithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clarithromycin	Clarithromycin	Also known as Biaxin	"Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat pharyngitis, tonsillitis, acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, pneumonia (especially atypical pneumonias associated with Chlamydophila pneumoniae), skin and skin structure infections. In addition, it is sometimes used to treat legionellosis, Helicobacter pylori, and lyme disease. Recently there has been research towards whether Clarithromycin can be used to effectively treat idiopathic hypersomnia."	Sinus congestion	Lamotrigine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lamotrigine	Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	Also known as Lamictal	"Lamotrigine, marketed in the US and most of Europe as Lamictal  by GlaxoSmithKline, is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also used off-label as an adjunct in treating depression. For epilepsy, it is used to treat focal seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Like many other anticonvulsant medications, Lamotrigine also seems to act as an effective mood stabilizer, and has been the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drug for this purpose since lithium, a drug approved almost 30 years earlier. It is approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants (due to lamotrigine's being a phenyltriazine), lamotrigine has many possible side-effects. Lamotrigine is generally accepted to be a member of the sodium channel blocking class of antiepileptic drugs, but it could have additional actions inasmuch as it has a broader spectrum of action than other sodium channel antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine and is effective in the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, whereas other sodium channel blocking antiepileptic drugs are not. In addition, lamotrigine shares few side-effects with other, unrelated anticonvulsants known to inhibit sodium channels, which further emphasizes its unique properties. Lamotrigine is inactivated by hepatic glucuronidation."	Personality disorder	Fluconazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluconazole	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	Also known as Diflucan	"Fluconazole  is a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections. In a bulk powder form, it appears as a white crystalline powder, and it is very slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Diflucan and Trican (Pfizer)."	Yeast infection	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."		Nasal congestionPetrolatum Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/petrolatum-topical	Petrolatum Topical	null	Petrolatum Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin rash	Insulin Glargine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/insulin-glargine	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	Also known as Lantus	"Insulin glargine, marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the name Lantus, is a long-acting basal insulin analogue, given once daily to help control the blood sugar level of those with diabetes. It consists of microcrystals that slowly release insulin, giving a long duration of action of 18 to 26 hours, with a ""peakless"" profile (according to the insulin glargine package insert). Pharmacokinetically, it resembles basal insulin secretion of non-diabetic pancreatic beta cells. Sometimes, in type 2 diabetes and in combination with a short acting sulfonylurea (drugs which stimulate the pancreas to make more insulin), it can offer moderate control of serum glucose levels. In the absence of endogenous insulin—type 1 diabetes, depleted type 2 (in some cases) or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults in late stage—insulin glargine needs the support of fast acting insulin taken with food to reduce the effect of prandially derived glucose."	Gastroparesis	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		PainTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Erectile dysfunctionEstradiol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/estradiol	Estradiol	Also known as Estrace	"Estradiol (E2 or 17_-estradiol, also oestradiol) is a sex hormone. Estradiol is abbreviated E2 as it has two hydroxyl groups in its molecular structure. Estrone has one (E1) and estriol has three (E3). Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect. Except during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle, its serum levels are somewhat higher than that of estrone during the reproductive years of the human female. Thus it is the predominant estrogen during reproductive years both in terms of absolute serum levels as well as in terms of estrogenic activity. During menopause, estrone is the predominant circulating estrogen and during pregnancy estriol is the predominant circulating estrogen in terms of serum levels. Estradiol is also present in males, being produced as an active metabolic product of testosterone. The serum levels of estradiol in males (14 - 55 pg/mL) are roughly comparable to those of postmenopausal women (< 35 pg/mL). Estradiol in vivo is interconvertible with estrone; estradiol to estrone conversion being favored. Estradiol has not only a critical impact on reproductive and sexual functioning, but also affects other organs, including the bones."	Hot flashes	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bimatoprost-ophthalmic	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	null	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute glaucoma	Pravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		CoughZolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."		SleepinessOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		Joint painLoratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/loratadine	Loratadine (Claritin)	Also known as Claritin	"Loratadine (INN) is a second-generation H1 histamine antagonist drug used to treat allergies. Structurally, it is closely related to tricyclic antidepressants, such as imipramine, and is distantly related to the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine."	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	Latanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Symptoms of eye	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."	Leptospirosis	Vitamin E	http://www.symcat.com/medications/vitamin-e	Vitamin E (Vita-E)	"Also known as Sea-Omega 30, Sea-Omega 50, Sea-Omega Plus D, Preservision 2, Ocuvite, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Ocuvite Lutein, Prenatal Rx 1, and Hemax"	"Vitamin E refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols. Of the many different forms of vitamin E, _-tocopherol is the most common in the North American diet. _-Tocopherol can be found in corn oil, soybean oil, margarine, and dressings. In the North American diet, _-tocopherol, the most biologically active form of vitamin E, is the second-most common form of vitamin E. This variant can be found most abundantly in wheat germ oil, sunflower, and safflower oils. As a fat-soluble antioxidant, it stops the production of reactive oxygen species formed when fat undergoes oxidation."	Rabies	Clonidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clonidine	Clonidine	"Also known as Clorpres 0.1/15, Clorpres 0.2/15, Clorpres 0.3/15, Combipres 0.1/15, Combipres 0.2/15, Combipres 0.3/15, Dixarit, Catapres, Catapres-Tts-1, and Catapres-Tts-2"	"Clonidine (trade name Kapvay or Nexiclon) is a sympatholytic medication used to treat high blood pressure, ADHD, anxiety/panic disorder, and certain pain conditions. It is classified as a centrally acting _2 adrenergic agonist. An alternative hypothesis that has been proposed is that clonidine acts centrally as an imidazoline receptor agonist."		Upper abdominal painRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		HeadacheRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		ArrhythmiaFosinopril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fosinopril	Fosinopril	"Also known as Monopril-Hct 20/12.5, Monopril-Hct 10/12.5, and Monopril"	Fosinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used for the treatment of hypertension and some types of chronic heart failure. Fosinopril is the only phosphinate-containing ACE inhibitor marketed. It is marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade name Monopril.		HeadacheLosartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."		HyperkalemiaMetronidazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metronidazole	Metronidazole	Also known as Flagyl	"Metronidazole (INN)  (Flagyl, and others) is a nitroimidazole antibiotic medication used particularly for anaerobic bacteria and protozoa. Metronidazole is an antibiotic, amebicide, and antiprotozoal. It is the drug of choice for first episodes of mild-to-moderate Clostridium difficile infection. It is marketed in the U.S.A. by Pfizer and globally by Sanofi under the trade name Flagyl, and is also sold under other brand names. Metronidazole was developed in 1960."		PharyngitisOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Involuntary urination	Simvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		FlatulenceRaloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Leg cramps or spasmsClotrimazole Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clotrimazole-topical	Clotrimazole Topical	null	Clotrimazole Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin rash	Cefuroxime	http://www.symcat.com/medications/cefuroxime	Cefuroxime	"Also known as Zinacef, Kefurox, Ceftin, Zinnat, and Alti Cefuroxime"	Cefuroxime is a parenteral second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1978 as Zinacef. It was approved by FDA on 19 Oct 1983. In US it is available as Zinacef by Covis Pharmaceuticals as the company acquired the US rights of the product from GSK. In India it is available as Supacef by GSK. Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl ester prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."		Decreased appetiteDexamethasone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone	Dexamethasone	"Also known as Hexadrol, Dexone, and Decadron"	"Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties. It is 25 times more potent than cortisol in its glucocorticoid effect, while having minimal mineralocorticoid effect."		PainMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."		NauseaOxymetazoline Nasal	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxymetazoline-nasal	Oxymetazoline Nasal	null	Oxymetazoline Nasal is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		NauseaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		FaintingLevofloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levofloxacin	Levofloxacin (Levaquin)	Also known as Levaquin and Quixin	"Levofloxacin (Levaquin (U.S.), Tavanic (E.U.), and others) is a broad spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class. Its spectrum of activity includes most strains of bacterial pathogens responsible for respiratory, urinary tract, gastrointestinal, and abdominal infections, including Gram-(-) (Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Moraxella catarrhalis, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa), Gram-(+) (methicillin-sensitive but not methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes), and atypical bacterial pathogens (Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae). Levofloxacin and other fluoroquinolones are valued for this broad spectrum of activity, excellent tissue penetration, and for their availability in both oral and intravenous formulations. (Many antibacterials used in serious infections must be dosed intravenously.) Levaquin is used alone or in combination with other antibacterial drugs to treat certain bacterial infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and abdominal infections."	Pyelonephritis	Midazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."		Decreased heart rateDoxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Bleeding gumsParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Vaginal yeast infectionLevalbuterol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levalbuterol	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	Also known as Xopenex	"Levosalbutamol (INN) or levalbuterol (USAN), trade name Xopenex, is the R-enantiomer of the short-acting _2-adrenergic receptor agonist salbutamol. It is marketed by Cipla as Levolin, & by axa named Axazest."	Acute bronchospasm	Omeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		ConstipationHydrocodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydrocodone	Hydrocodone	"Also known as Duocet, Allay, Anexsia, Anolor Dh5, Bancap Hc, Ceta Plus, Co-Gesic, Dolacet, Dolagesic, and Hy-Phen"	"Hydrocodone is a semi-synthetic opioid derived from codeine. Hydrocodone is used orally as narcotic analgesic and antitussive, often in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. It is available in tablet, capsule, and syrup form. Abrupt discontinuation of hydrocodone may result in withdrawal symptoms."	Gum disease	Lidocaine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lidocaine	Lidocaine	"Also known as Lidovir, Terrasil Cold Sore, Neosporin Plus Maxium Strength Ointment, Procomycin, Bactine, Mercuroclear, Scar Zone Burn Relief, Band-Aid Hurt-Free, Keepan, and Staphaseptic"	"Lidocaine (INN) , xylocaine, or lignocaine (former BAN)  is a common local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic drug. Lidocaine is used topically to relieve itching, burning and pain from skin inflammations, injected as a dental anesthetic or as a local anesthetic for minor surgery."	Open wound of the arm	Tretinoin Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tretinoin-topical	Tretinoin Topical	null	Tretinoin Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Actinic keratosis	Raloxifene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/raloxifene	Raloxifene (Evista)	Also known as Evista	Raloxifene (marketed as Evista by Eli Lilly and Company) is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that has estrogenic actions on bone and anti-estrogenic actions on the uterus and breast. It is used in the prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.		Pain or soreness of breastOfloxacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ofloxacin	Ofloxacin	Also known as Floxin and Ocuflox	"Ofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class considered to be a second-generation fluoroquinolone. The original brand, Floxin, has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the United States on 18 June 2009, though generic equivalents continue to be available."	Ear drum damage	Thyroxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/thyroxine	Thyroxine (Synthroid)	"Also known as Soloxine, Thyro-Tabs, Eltroxin, Euthyrox, Levo-T, Levotabs, Levothroid, Levoxyl, Synthroid, and Levothyroid"	"The thyroid hormones, triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4), are tyrosine-based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism. Iodine is necessary for the production of T3 and T4. A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T3 and T4, enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre. The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine (T4), which has a longer half-life than T3. The ratio of T4 to T3 released into the blood is roughly 20 to 1. T4 is converted to the active T3 (three to four times more potent than T4) within cells by deiodinases (5'-iodinase). These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine (T1a) and thyronamine (T0a). All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes, thus dietary selenium is essential for T3 production."	Subacute thyroiditis	Hydroxychloroquine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydroxychloroquine	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	Also known as Plaquenil and Quineprox	"Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug, sold under the trade names Plaquenil, Axemal (in India), Dolquine, and Quensyl, also used to reduce inflammation in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (see disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs) and lupus. Hydroxychloroquine differs from chloroquine by the presence of a hydroxyl group at the end of the side chain: The N-ethyl substituent is beta-hydroxylated. It is available for oral administration as hydroxychloroquine sulfate (plaquenil) of which 200 mg contains 155 mg base in chiral form. Hydroxychloroquine has similar pharmacokinetics to chloroquine, with quick gastrointestinal absorption and is eliminated by the kidney. Cytochrome P450 enzymes (CYP 2D6, 2C8, 3A4 and 3A5) N-desethylated Hydroxychloroquine to Ndesethylhydroxychloroquine."	Joint pain	Dexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."	Oppositional disorder	Bupropion	http://www.symcat.com/medications/bupropion	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	Also known as Wellbutrin and Zyban	"Bupropion (/bju__pro_pi._n/ bew-PROH-pee-on; marketed as Wellbutrin, Zyban, Voxra, Budeprion, Prexaton, Elontril or Aplenzin; and formerly known as amfebutamone) is an atypical antidepressant and smoking cessation aid. Its chemical name is 3-chloro-N-tert-butyl-_-ketoamphetamine, a substituted cathinone (_-ketoamphetamine), as well as substituted amphetamine. The drug therefore is a mild psychostimulant. Its primary pharmacological action is norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibition. It binds selectively to the dopamine transporter, but its behavioural effects have often been attributed to its inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. Bupropion belongs to the chemical class of aminoketones and is similar in structure to stimulants cathinone and diethylpropion, and to phenethylamines in general. Medically, bupropion serves as a non-tricyclic antidepressant fundamentally different to most commonly prescribed antidepressants such as SSRIs."		NauseaTropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain in eye	Ibuprofen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibuprofen	Ibuprofen	Also known as Advil and Motrin	"Ibuprofen (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for pain relief, fever reduction, and against swelling."		ApneaOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."	Decubitus ulcer	Amiodarone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amiodarone	Amiodarone	"Also known as Cordarone X, Cordarone, Pacerone, Amidox, and Nexterone"	"Amiodarone (sold under the brand name Nexterone by Baxter Healthcare Corporation) is an antiarrhythmic agent used for various types of cardiac dysrhythmias, both ventricular and atrial. It was discovered in 1961. Despite relatively common side-effects, it is used in arrhythmias that are otherwise difficult to treat with medication."	Heart attack	Testosterone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/testosterone	Testosterone	"Also known as Testoderm, Testolin, and Testro Aq"	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. In mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid."		DiarrheaOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Double visionMirtazapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mirtazapine	Mirtazapine	Also known as Remeron	"Mirtazapine (Remeron, Avanza, Zispin) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) which was introduced by Organon International in the United States in 1990 and is used primarily in the treatment of depression. It is also commonly used as an anxiolytic, hypnotic, antiemetic, and appetite stimulant. Structurally, mirtazapine can also be classified as a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA)."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	Carvedilol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carvedilol	Carvedilol	Also known as Coreg	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to severe congestive heart failure (CHF). It is marketed under various trade names including Carvil (Zydus Cadila), Coreg (GSK), Dilatrend (Roche), Eucardic (Roche), and Carloc (Cipla) as a generic drug (as of September 5, 2007 in the U.S.), and as a controlled-release formulation, marketed in the US as Coreg CR (GSK). Carvedilol was discovered by Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. It has had a significant role in the treatment of congestive heart failure."	Mitral valve disease	Sertraline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/sertraline	Sertraline (Zoloft)	Also known as Zoloft	"Sertraline hydrochloride (trade names Zoloft, Lustral) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991. Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive, panic, and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children. In 2011, it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 37,208,000 prescriptions."	Social phobia	Clobetasol Topical	http://www.symcat.com/medications/clobetasol-topical	Clobetasol Topical	null	Clobetasol Topical is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Alopecia	Methylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylphenidate	Methylphenidate	Also known as Daytrana	"Methylphenidate (Ritalin) is a psychostimulant drug approved for treatment of ADHD or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and narcolepsy. The original patent was owned by CIBA, now Novartis Corporation. It was first licensed by the FDA in 1955 for treating ADHD, prescribed from 1960, and became heavily prescribed in the 1990s, when the diagnosis of ADHD itself became more widely accepted."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	Nitrofurantoin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nitrofurantoin	Nitrofurantoin	Also known as Macrobid and Macrodantin	"Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic which is marketed under the following brand names; Niftran, Furadantin, Furabid, Macrobid, Macrodantin, Nitrofur Mac, Nitro Macro, Nifty-SR, Martifur-MR, Uro-Tablinen or Nifuretten (in Germany), Martifur-100 (in India), Urantoin, Nifuran (in Macedonia) and Uvamin (in Middle East). It is usually used in treating urinary tract infection. It is often used against E. coli."	Threatened pregnancy	Dutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Blood in urine	Losartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/losartan	Losartan	Also known as Cozaar	"Losartan (rINN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist drug used mainly to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). Losartan was the first angiotensin II receptor antagonist to be marketed. Losartan potassium is marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. under the trade name Cozaar. As of 2009, In south east Asia Losartan potassium is marketed by Delta Pharma Ltd. under the trade name Anin. losartan is available in generic form."	Pick disease	Eszopiclone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/eszopiclone	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	Also known as Lunesta	"Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic which is slightly effective for insomnia. Eszopiclone is the active dextrorotatory stereoisomer of zopiclone, and belongs to the class of drugs known as cyclopyrrolones."		Donepezil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/donepezil	Donepezil (Aricept)	Also known as Aricept	"Donepezil, marketed under the trade name Aricept by its developer Eisai and partner Pfizer, is a centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset. It has an oral bioavailability of 100% and easily crosses the blood–brain barrier. Because it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day."		Decreased appetiteParoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/paroxetine	Paroxetine (Paxil)	"Also known as Paxil, Seroxat, and Pexeva"	"Paroxetine (also known by the trade names Aropax, Paxil, Pexeva, Seroxat, Sereupin) is an antidepressant drug of the SSRI type. Paroxetine is used to treat major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder in adult outpatients."		Fluid retentionPropranolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/propranolol	Propranolol	"Also known as Inderide 40/25, Inderide 80/25, Inderide 120/50, Inderide 160/50, Inderide 80/50, Angilol, Apsolol, Avlocardyl Retard, Bedranol Sr, and Berkolol"	"Propranolol (INN) is a sympatholytic non-selective beta blocker. Sympatholytics are used to treat hypertension, anxiety and panic. It was the first successful beta blocker developed. Propranolol is available in generic form as Propranolol Hydrochloride; marketed in India under brand names like Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla, also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal, Inderal LA, Avlocardyl, Deralin, Dociton, Inderalici, InnoPran XL, Sumial, Anaprilinum, Bedranol SR (Sandoz)."	Abnormal involuntary movements	Methylprednisolone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/methylprednisolone	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	"Also known as Medrol, Depmedalone, and Duralone"	Methylprednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid or corticosteroid drug. It is marketed in the USA and Canada under the brand names Medrol and Solu-Medrol. It is also available as a generic drug.	Envenomation from spider or animal bite	Niacin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/niacin	Niacin	"Also known as Irospan Tablet, Nephrocaps, Poly-Vi-Sol, Poly-Vi-Sol With Iron, Folivane-F, Nephrocaps Qt, Vitafol-One, Advicor 1000 Mg/20 Mg, Advicor 750 Mg/20 Mg, and Advicor 1000/20"	"Niacin (also known as vitamin B3, nicotinic acid and vitamin PP) is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NO2 and, depending on the definition used, one of the 40 to 80 essential human nutrients."	Rabies	Atenolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atenolol	Atenolol	"Also known as Antipressan, Atenix, Atenixco, Tenchlor, Tenormin, Totamol, Totaretic, Senormin, Tenoretic 100, and Tenoretic 50"	"Atenolol is a selective _1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers (sometimes written _-blockers), a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases. Introduced in 1976, atenolol was developed as a replacement for propranolol in the treatment of hypertension. The chemical works by slowing down the heart and reducing its workload. Unlike propranolol, atenolol does not pass through the blood–brain barrier thus avoiding various central nervous system side effects."		Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia (VT)Omega-3 Fatty Acids	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omega-3-fatty-acids	Omega-3 Fatty Acids	"Also known as Omega-3-Fatty Acids, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega 3 Fatty Acid, N-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, and Omega-3 Pufa"	"Omega-3 fatty acids (also called __3 fatty acids or n_3 fatty acids) refers to a group of three fats called ALA (found in plant oils), EPA, and DHA (both commonly found in marine oils). Common sources of omega–3 EPA and DHA fatty acids include fish oils, algal oil, egg oil, squid oils, krill oil and some plant oils contain the omega 3 ALA fatty acid such as flaxseed oil, Sacha Inchi oil, Echium oil, and hemp oil."	Leptospirosis	Levetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		Behavioral disturbancesRamipril	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ramipril	Ramipril	Also known as Altace	"Ramipril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It is marketed as Prilace by Arrow Pharmaceuticals in Australia, Ramipro by Westfield Pharma in the Philippines, Tritace by Sanofi-Aventis in Italy and and United States and Altace by King Pharmaceuticals in the United States, Ramitens by PharmaSwiss, Ampril by Krka in Slovenia, Corpril by Cemelog-BRS in Hungary, Piramil and Prilinda by Hemofarm in Serbia, by Lek in Poland and by Novartis in Bangladesh, and in Canada as Altace (Sonfi) and Ramipril (Pharmascience)."		FatigueAripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		InsomniaPregabalin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pregabalin	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	Also known as Lyrica	"Pregabalin (INN) (Lyrica) and (Serigaptin)  is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain and as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in adults. It has also been found effective for generalized anxiety disorder and is (as of 2007) approved for this use in the European Union. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica. Pfizer described in an SEC filing that the drug could be used to treat epilepsy, post-herpetic neuralgia, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Sales reached a record $3.063 billion in 2010."		Double visionOxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		Painful urinationTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."	Urinary tract obstruction	Topiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		Alopecia (Loss Of Hair)Metoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."		Decreased heart rateNortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."	Pain disorder affecting the neck	Aspirin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aspirin	Aspirin	"Also known as Aspergum, Empirin, and Ecotrin"	"Aspirin (USAN), also known as acetylsalicylic acid (/__s_t_l_sæl__s_l_k/ _-SET-_l-SAL-i-SIL-ik; abbreviated ASA), is a salicylate drug, often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains, as an antipyretic to reduce fever, and as an anti-inflammatory medication. Aspirin was first isolated by Felix Hoffmann, a chemist with the German company Bayer in 1897."	Moyamoya disease	Naproxen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/naproxen	Naproxen	Also known as Naprosyn	"Naproxen sodium (INN)  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen and naproxen sodium are marketed under various trade names, including: Aleve, Anaprox, Antalgin, Apranax, Feminax Ultra, Flanax, Inza, Midol Extended Relief, Nalgesin, Naposin, Naprelan, Naprogesic, Naprosyn, Narocin, Proxen, Soproxen, Synflex and Xenobid."	Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis	Pramipexole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pramipexole	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	Also known as Mirapex	"Pramipexole (Mirapex, Mirapexin, Sifrol) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class indicated for treating early-stage Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache and to counteract problems with sexual dysfunction experienced by some users of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in a placebo-controlled proof of concept study in bipolar disorder.   It is also being investigated for the treatment of clinical depression and fibromyalgia."		NauseaRopinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		FlushingNortriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nortriptyline	Nortriptyline	"Also known as Pamelor, Aventyl, and Notriptyline"	"Nortriptyline is a second-generation tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) marketed as the hydrochloride salt under the trade names Sensoval, Aventyl, Pamelor, Norpress, Allegron, Noritren and Nortrilen. It is used in the treatment of major depression and childhood nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting). In addition, it is sometimes used for chronic illnesses such as chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, and labile affect in some neurological conditions."		Oxybutynin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxybutynin	Oxybutynin	Also known as Oxytrol and Anturol	"Oxybutynin (Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, Lenditro (South Africa)) is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination (urge incontinence), by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor. It also has direct spasmolytic effects on bladder smooth muscle as a calcium antagonist and local anesthetic, but at concentrations far above those used clinically. It is available orally in generic formulation or as the brand-names Ditropan, Lyrinel XL, or Ditrospam, as a transdermal patch under the brand name Oxytrol, and as a topical gel under the brand name Gelnique."		Itching of skinTemazepam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/temazepam	Temazepam	"Also known as Normison, Euhypnos, Restoril, and Temazepam Gelthix"	"Temazepam (brand names Restoril - 15 mg/30 mg and Normison, among others) is a intermediate-acting 3-hydroxy hypnotic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Temazepam is approved for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition, temazepam has anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties."	Leptospirosis	Carisoprodol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/carisoprodol	Carisoprodol (Soma)	Also known as Soma	"Carisoprodol is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant. It is slightly soluble in water and freely soluble in alcohol, chloroform and acetone. The drug's solubility is practically independent of pH. Carisoprodol is manufactured and marketed in the United States by Meda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Soma, and in the United Kingdom and other countries under the brand names Sanoma and Carisoma. The drug is available by itself or mixed with aspirin, and in one preparation with codeine and caffeine, as well."	Herniated disk	Ascorbic Acid	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ascorbic-acid	Ascorbic Acid	Also known as Cecon and Cenolate	"Ascorbic acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with antioxidant properties. It is a white solid, but impure samples can appear yellowish. It dissolves well in water to give mildly acidic solutions. Ascorbic acid is one form (""vitamer"") of vitamin C. It was originally called L-hexuronic acid, but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals (""vitamin C"" being defined as a vitamin activity, not then a specific substance), the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid. The new name for L-hexuronic acid is derived from a- (meaning ""no"") and scorbutus (scurvy), the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C. Because it is derived from glucose, many animals are able to produce it, but humans require it as part of their nutrition. Other vertebrates lacking the ability to produce ascorbic acid include other primates, guinea pigs, teleost fishes, bats, and birds, all of which require it as a dietary micronutrient (that is, a vitamin)."	Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Fexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		Otitis mediaHeparin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/heparin	Heparin	"Also known as Minihep, Minihep Calcium, Unihep, Hep-Lock, Hep-Pak, Uniparin, Hepflush, Hemochron, Lok-Pak, and Posiflush"	"Heparin (from Ancient Greek _π__ (hepar), liver), also known as unfractionated heparin, a highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan, is widely used as an injectable anticoagulant, and has the highest negative charge density of any known biological molecule. It can also be used to form an inner anticoagulant surface on various experimental and medical devices such as test tubes and renal dialysis machines."	Angina	Finasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/finasteride	Finasteride (Propecia)	Also known as Proscar and Propecia	"Finasteride (brand names Proscar and Propecia by Merck, among other generic names) is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern baldness (MPB). It is a type II 5_-reductase inhibitor. 5_-reductase is an enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."		Ziprasidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ziprasidone	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	Also known as Geodon	"Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox by Pfizer) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain approval (February 2001) in the United States. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia, and acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder. Its intramuscular injection form is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients for whom treatment with just ziprasidone is appropriate."		NauseaQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."	Personality disorder	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		Abdominal painLevetiracetam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/levetiracetam	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	Also known as Keppra	"Levetiracetam (INN)  is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. It is the S-enantiomer of etiracetam, structurally similar to the prototypical nootropic drug piracetam."		FluDiltiazem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diltiazem	Diltiazem	"Also known as Adizem, Adizem-Xl, Angiozem, Angitil Sr, Britiazim, Calcicard Cr, Dilzem Sr, Dilzem Xl, Metazem, and Slozem"	"Diltiazem is a nondihydropyridine (non-DHP) member of the class of drugs known as calcium channel blockers, used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, and some types of arrhythmia."		Decreased heart rateOxcarbazepine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxcarbazepine	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	Also known as Trileptal	"Oxcarbazepine (ox-kar-BAZ-ih-peen) is an anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It is also used to treat anxiety and mood disorders, and benign motor tics. Oxcarbazepine is marketed as Trileptal by Novartis and available in some countries as a generic drug."		Hot flashesIrbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Disturbance of smell or taste	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hepatitis-b-vaccine-obsolete	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	null	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Symptoms of infants	Amitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Blastomycosis	Hydromorphone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydromorphone	Hydromorphone (Dilaudid)	"Also known as Palladone-Sr, Dilaudid, Palladone, Dilaudid Cough, Hydrostat, and Exalgo"	"Hydromorphone, a more common synonym for dihydromorphinone, commonly a hydrochloride (brand names Palladone, Dilaudid, and numerous others) is a very potent centrally acting analgesic drug of the opioid class. It is a derivative of morphine, to be specific, a hydrogenated ketone thereof, and it can be said that hydromorphone is to morphine as hydrocodone is to codeine and, therefore, a semi-synthetic drug. It is, in medical terms, an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic. Hydromorphone is commonly used in the hospital setting, mostly intravenously (IV) because its bioavailability orally, rectally, and intranasally is very low. Sublingual administration is usually superior to swallowing for bioavailabilty and effects."	Kidney stone	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prednisolone-ophthalmic	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	null	Prednisolone Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Glaucoma	Hydralazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/hydralazine	Hydralazine	Also known as Apresoline	"Hydralazine (apresoline) is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to treat hypertension by acting as a vasodilator primarily in arteries and arterioles. By relaxing vascular smooth muscle, vasodilators act to decrease peripheral resistance, thereby lowering blood pressure and decreasing afterload."	Cardiomyopathy	Famotidine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/famotidine	Famotidine	Also known as Pepcid	"Famotidine (INN)  is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and it is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD/GORD). It is commonly marketed by Johnson & Johnson/Merck under the trade names Pepcidine and Pepcid and by Astellas under the trade name Gaster. Unlike cimetidine, the first H2 antagonist, famotidine has no effect on the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, and does not appear to interact with other drugs."	Gastroduodenal ulcer	Triamterene	http://www.symcat.com/medications/triamterene	Triamterene	Also known as Dyrenium	"Triamterene (trade name Dyrenium) is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema. In combination with hydrochlorothiazide, it is marketed under the names Maxzide and Dyazide."		Ibandronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ibandronate	Ibandronate (Boniva)	Also known as Boniva	"Ibandronic acid (INN) or ibandronate sodium (USAN), marketed under the trade names Boniva, Bondronat and Bonviva, is a potent bisphosphonate drug used in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis."		Upper abdominal painNicotine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nicotine	Nicotine	"Also known as Niconil, Nicorette Plus, Habitrol, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Prostep, Nicotrol Inhaler, Nicoderm C-Q, Commit Lozenge, and Nicabate"	"Nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants (Solanaceae). It acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is made in the roots and accumulates in the leaves of the plants. It constitutes approximately 0.6–3.0% of the dry weight of tobacco and is present in the range of 2–7 µg/kg of various edible plants. It functions as an antiherbivore chemical; therefore, nicotine was widely used as an insecticide in the past and nicotine analogs such as imidacloprid are currently widely used."		Tooth disorder (Tooth Disease)Amitriptyline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/amitriptyline	Amitriptyline	"Also known as Lentizol, Elavil, Domical, Etrafon 2-10, Etrafon 2-25, Vanatrip, Endep, Duo-Vil 2-10, Duo-Vil 2-25, and Duo-Vil 4-10"	"Amitriptyline (Tryptomer, Elavil, Tryptizol, Laroxyl, Saroten, Sarotex, Lentizol, Endep) is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It is the most widely used TCA and has at least equal efficacy against depression as the newer class of SSRIs according to a study from early 2001. As well as reducing depressive symptoms, these types of tricyclics also ease migraines, tension headaches, anxiety attacks and some schizophrenic symptoms. It is also known to reduce aggression and violent behavior."	Complex regional pain syndrome	Tacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		WeaknessTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Itching of unknown causeLovastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/lovastatin	Lovastatin	Also known as Mevacor	"Lovastatin (Merck's Mevacor) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, weight-loss, and exercise for lowering cholesterol (hypolipidemic agent) in those with hypercholesterolemia to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin is a naturally occurring drug found in food such as oyster mushrooms and red yeast rice."		FlatulenceTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Hypergammaglobulinemia	Darbepoetin Alfa	http://www.symcat.com/medications/darbepoetin-alfa	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	Also known as Aranesp	"Darbepoetin alfa (rINN)  is a synthetic form of erythropoietin. It stimulates erythropoiesis (increases red blood cell levels) and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy. Darbepoetin is marketed by Amgen under the trade name Aranesp."	Kidney failure	Venlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		NightmaresOndansetron	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ondansetron	Ondansetron (Zofran)	Also known as Zofran and Zuplenz	"Ondansetron (INN)  is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy. It affects both peripheral and central nerves. Ondansetron reduces the activity of the vagus nerve, which deactivates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata, and also blocks serotonin receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It has little effect on vomiting caused by motion sickness, and does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors."	Acute pancreatitis	Aripiprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/aripiprazole	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	Also known as Abilify	"Aripiprazole  is a partial dopamine agonist of the second generation class of atypical antipsychotics with additional antidepressant properties that is primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for schizophrenia on November 15, 2002 and the European Medicines Agency on 4 June 2004; for acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder on October 1, 2004; as an adjunct for major depressive disorder on November 20, 2007; and to treat irritability in children with autism on 20 November 2009. Aripiprazole was developed by Otsuka in Japan, and in the United States, Otsuka America markets it jointly with Bristol-Myers Squibb."		Skin rashOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		AmblyopiaAzithromycin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/azithromycin	Azithromycin	Also known as Zithromax and Azasite	"Azithromycin (Zithromax, Azithrocin, Zmax, Azin) is an azalide, a subclass of macrolide antibiotics. Azithromycin is one of the world's best-selling antibiotics. It is derived from erythromycin, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen atom incorporated into the lactone ring, thus making the lactone ring 15-membered."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Diclofenac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/diclofenac	Diclofenac	"Also known as Voltarol, Flector, Dicloflex, Dicloflex Retard, Diclomax Retard, Diclomax Sr, Diclozip, Flamrase, Flamrase Sr, and Isclofen"	Diclofenac (cf. INN with trade names) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.		GastritisKetorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Plague	Oxycodone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/oxycodone	Oxycodone	"Also known as Tylox, Roxicet, Roxilox, Percocet 7.5/325, Taxadone, Narvox, Lynox 10/300, Lynox 2.5/300, Lynox 5/300, and Lynox 7.5/300"	"Oxycodone is an analgesic medication synthesized from poppy-derived thebaine. It was developed in 1916 in Germany, as one of several new semi-synthetic opioids in an attempt to improve on the existing opioids: morphine, diacetylmorphine (heroin), and codeine."	Chronic pain disorder	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."		Abdominal painBudesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		NosebleedBudesonide Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide-nasal-product	Budesonide Nasal Product	Also known as Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Product and Rhinocort Nasal Product	Budesonide Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Frontal headache	Latanoprost	http://www.symcat.com/medications/latanoprost	Latanoprost	Also known as Xalatan	Latanoprost  ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue (more specifically an analogue of prostaglandin F2_) that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes (through the uvealsclearal tract).	Diminished vision	Dexamethasone Topical Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexamethasone-topical-product	Dexamethasone Topical Product	"Also known as Decadron Phosphate Topical Product, Decaspray Topical Product, and Aeroseb-Dex Topical Product"	Dexamethasone Topical Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lung cancer	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound of the knee	Ropinirole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ropinirole	Ropinirole	Also known as Requip	"Ropinirole (INN; trade names Requip, Ronirol, Adartrel) is a dopamine agonist of the non-ergoline class of medications. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Cipla, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharmaceutical. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). Ropinirole is one of three medications approved by the FDA to treat Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS), the other two being pramipexole (Mirapex) and gabapentin enacarbil (Horizant). The discovery of the drug's utility in (RLS) has been used as a successful example of drug repurposing."		Decreased appetiteDuloxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/duloxetine	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	Also known as Cymbalta	"Duloxetine (sold under the brand names Cymbalta, Ariclaim, Xeristar, Yentreve, Duzela) is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly. It is effective for major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Duloxetine failed the US approval for stress urinary incontinence amidst concerns over liver toxicity and suicidal events; however, it was approved for this indication in Europe, where it is recommended as an add-on medication in stress urinary incontinence instead of surgery. It can also relieve the symptoms of painful peripheral neuropathy, particularly diabetic neuropathy, and it is used to control the symptoms of fibromyalgia."		Weight lossQuetiapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/quetiapine	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	Also known as Seroquel	"Quetiapine  (branded as Seroquel, Xeroquel, Ketipinor), is an atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and along with an SSRI to treat major depressive disorder."		PharyngitisFentanyl	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fentanyl	Fentanyl	"Also known as Duragesic, Abstral, Sublimaze, and Actiq"	"Fentanyl (also known as fentanil, brand names Sublimaze, Actiq, Durogesic, Duragesic, Fentora, Matrifen, Haldid, Onsolis, Instanyl, Abstral, Lazanda and others) is a potent, synthetic opioid analgesic with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a strong agonist at the _-opioid receptors. Historically it has been used to treat breakthrough pain and is commonly used in pre-procedures as a pain reliever as well as an anesthetic in combination with a benzodiazepine."	Hemorrhoids	Doxycycline	http://www.symcat.com/medications/doxycycline	Doxycycline	"Also known as Cyclodox, Demix, Doxylar, Nordox, Ramysis, Vibramycin Acne Pack, Vibramycin, Doryx, Doxy Lemmon, and Doxy-Caps"	"Doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group, and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections. Doxycycline is a semisynthetic tetracycline invented and clinically developed in the early 1960s by Pfizer Inc. and marketed under the brand name Vibramycin. Vibramycin received US Food and Drug Administration approval in 1967,. Other brand names include Monodox, Microdox, Periostat, Vibra-Tabs, Oracea, Doryx, Vibrox, Adoxa, Doxyhexal, Doxylin, Doxoral, Doxy-1 and Atridox (topical doxycycline hyclate for periodontitis)."		Pain in gumsVerapamil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/verapamil	Verapamil (Univer)	"Also known as Cordilox, Berkatens, Securon, Hypaneze, Verapress Mr, Isoptin, Calan, Verelan, Securon Iv, and Securon Sr"	"Verapamil (brand names: Isoptin, Verelan, Verelan PM, Calan, Bosoptin, Covera-HS) is an L-type calcium channel blocker of the phenylalkylamine class. It has been used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia, and most recently, cluster headaches. It is also an effective preventive medication for migraine. Verapamil has also been used as a vasodilator during cryopreservation of blood vessels. It is a class IV antiarrhythmic, more effective than digoxin in controlling ventricular rate and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 1982."	Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM)	Escitalopram	http://www.symcat.com/medications/escitalopram	Escitalopram (Lexapro)	Also known as Lexapro	"Escitalopram (trade names Nexito, Anxiset-E (India), Exodus (Brazil), Esto (Israel), Lexapro, Cipralex, Seroplex, Elicea, Lexamil, Lexam, Entact (Greece), Losita (Bangladesh), Reposil (Chile), Animaxen (Colombia), Esitalo (Australia)), Lexamil (South Africa), is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class. It is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adults and children over 12 years of age with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Escitalopram is the (S)-stereoisomer (enantiomer) of the earlier Lundbeck drug citalopram, hence the name escitalopram. Escitalopram is noted for its high selectivity with serotonin reuptake inhibition. The similarity between escitalopram and citalopram has led to accusations of ""evergreening"", an accusation that Lundbeck has rejected."		FatigueProchlorperazine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/prochlorperazine	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	"Also known as Stemetil, Compazine, Compro, and Procot"	"Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Stemzine, Buccastem, Stemetil, Phenotil) is a dopamine (D2) receptor antagonist that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotic agents that are used for the antiemetic treatment of nausea and vertigo. It is also a highly potent typical antipsychotic, 10-20x more potent than chlorpromazine. It is also used to treat migraine headaches. Intravenous administration can be used to treat status migrainosus."	Nausea	Ketorolac	http://www.symcat.com/medications/ketorolac	Ketorolac (Toradol)	"Also known as Toradol, Acular, Acuvail, and Sprix"	"Ketorolac or ketorolac tromethamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) in the family of heterocyclic acetic acid derivatives, often used as an analgesic. Ketorolac was discovered in 1989 by Syntex Corp. (now Roche Bioscience, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche holding Ltd., the parent company of Roche). It was approved by FDA on 30 November 1989 and introduced as Toradol by Syntex. The ophthalmic (i.e., eye-drop) form was approved by FDA on 9 November 1992 and was introduced as Acular eye drops by Allergan under license from Syntex. An intranasal formulation of ketorolac tromethamine was approved by FDA on 14 May 2010 and introduced as Sprix Nasal Spray by Daiichi Sankyo for short-term management of moderate to moderately severe pain requiring analgesia at the opioid level. In India it is available as Ketanov by Ranbaxy, which is owned by Daiichi Sankyo."	Neck weakness	Chickenpox Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/chickenpox-vaccine	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	"Also known as Varicella Vaccine, Varicella Virus Vaccine Live, Varivax, and Shingles Vaccine"	"The varicella vaccine is a live (attenuated) virus administered to protect against the viral disease commonly known as chickenpox caused by the varicella zoster virus (VZV). The varicella vaccine is marketed as Varivax in the U.S. by Merck and globally as Varilrix by GlaxoSmithKline. Another vaccine that is known as Zostavax is simply a larger-than-normal dose of Varivax, and is used to reduce the risk of shingles (also called herpes zoster) and postherpetic neuralgia that are caused by the same virus."	Cytomegalovirus infection	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Bone disorder (Bone Disease)Risperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Mouth drynessOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."	Leptospirosis	Labetalol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/labetalol	Labetalol	"Also known as Trandide, Labrocol, Trandate, and Normodyne"	"Labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) is a mixed alpha/beta adrenergic antagonist, which is used to treat high blood pressure."		NauseaDutasteride	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dutasteride	Dutasteride (Avodart)	Also known as Avodart	"Dutasteride (trademark name Avodart, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) is a dual 5-a reductase inhibitor that inhibits conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT)."	Symptoms of prostate	Mesalamine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/mesalamine	Mesalamine (Asacol)	"Also known as Pentasa, Asacol, Rowasa, Lialda, and Apriso"	"Mesalazine (INN, BAN), also known as mesalamine (USAN) or 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat inflammatory bowel disease, such as ulcerative colitis and mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease. Mesalazine is a bowel-specific aminosalicylate drug that acts locally in the gut and has its predominant actions there, thereby having few systemic side effects."		CoughTopiramate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/topiramate	Topiramate (Topamax)	Also known as Topamax	"Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant (antiepilepsy) drug. It was most recently approved for weight loss by the FDA in combination with phentermine. It has been used off-label for this purpose before FDA approval was obtained. It was originally produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics and Noramco, Inc., both divisions of the Johnson & Johnson Corporation. It was also recently approved in a combination medication used for weight loss in late 2012. This medication was discovered in 1979 by Bruce E. Maryanoff and Joseph F. Gardocki during their research work at McNeil Pharmaceutical. Topiramate was first approved by the US FDA in 1996. Generic versions are available in Canada and these were approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2006. Mylan Pharmaceuticals was recently granted final approval for generic topiramate 25, 100, and 200 mg tablets and sprinkle capsules by the FDA for sale in the United States. 50 mg tablets were granted tentative approval. The last patent for topiramate in the U.S. was for pediatric use; this patent expired on February 28, 2009."		InsomniaFenofibrate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fenofibrate	Fenofibrate (Tricor)	Also known as Tricor and Lofibra	"Fenofibrate (Abbott's Tricor) is a drug of the fibrate class. It is mainly used to reduce cholesterol levels in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease. Like other fibrates, it reduces both low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels, as well as increasing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels and reducing triglycerides level. It is used alone or in conjunction with statins in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia."	Autonomic nervous system disorder	Nifedipine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/nifedipine	Nifedipine	Also known as Adalat and Procardia	"Nifedipine (brand names Adalat CC and Procardia, according to FDA Orange Book) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. Its main uses are as an antianginal (especially in Prinzmetal's angina) and antihypertensive, although a large number of other indications have recently been found for this agent, such as Raynaud's phenomenon, premature labor, and painful spasms of the esophagus such as in cancer and tetanus patients. It is also commonly used for the small subset of pulmonary hypertension patients whose symptoms respond to calcium channel blockers."	Raynaud disease	Budesonide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/budesonide	Budesonide	"Also known as Pulmicort, Rhinocort, and Preferid"	"Budesonide is a glucocorticoid steroid for the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. In addition, it is used for Crohn's disease (inflammatory bowel disease)."		Otitis mediaSimvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/simvastatin	Simvastatin	Also known as Zocor	"Simvastatin (INN)  is a hypolipidemic drug used with exercise, diet, and weight-loss to control elevated cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia. It is a member of the statin class of pharmaceuticals."		WeaknessTelmisartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/telmisartan	Telmisartan (Micardis)	Also known as Micardis	"Telmisartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (angiotensin receptor blocker, ARB) used in the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the trade name Micardis (by Boehringer Ingelheim), among others."	Pulmonary hypertension	Dicyclomine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dicyclomine	Dicyclomine	"Also known as Merbentyl, Bentyl, Dibent, Dicyclocot, and Barmine"	"Dicyclomine, also known as dicycloverine, is an anticholinergic that blocks muscarinic receptors. Dicycloverine was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947."	Blood in stool	Epinephrine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/epinephrine	Epinephrine	"Also known as Vivacaine, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Marcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.25/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.5/1:200000, Sensorcaine With Epinephrine 0.75/1:200000, Medihaler-Epi, Bronkaid Mist, and Glaucon"	"Epinephrine (also known as adrenaline or adrenalin) is a hormone and a neurotransmitter. Epinephrine has many functions in the body, regulating heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts; epinephrine release is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system. In chemical terms, epinephrine is one of a group of monoamines called the catecholamines. It is produced in some neurons of the central nervous system, and in the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla from the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine."		Gabapentin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gabapentin	Gabapentin	Also known as Neurontin and Gralise	"Gabapentin (Neurontin) is a pharmaceutical drug, specifically a GABA analog. It was originally developed to treat epilepsy, and currently is also used to relieve neuropathic pain. There are, however, concerns regarding the quality of the trials conducted for a number of conditions."		Abdominal painMetoprolol	http://www.symcat.com/medications/metoprolol	Metoprolol	"Also known as Dutoprol 100/12.5, Dutoprol 25/12.5, Dutoprol 50/12.5, Lopressor Hct 100/25, Lopressor Hct 50/25, Lopressor Hct 100/50, Arbralene, Betaloc, Betaloc-Sa, and Lopresor Sr"	"Metoprolol  is a selective _1 receptor blocker used in treatment of several diseases of the cardiovascular system, especially hypertension. The active substance metoprolol is employed either as metoprolol succinate or metoprolol tartrate (where 100 mg metoprolol tartrate corresponds to 95 mg metoprolol succinate). The tartrate is an immediate-release and the succinate is an extended-release formulation."		Heart blockOmeprazole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/omeprazole	Omeprazole	Also known as Losec and Prilosec	"Omeprazole (INN)  (Prilosec and generics) is a proton pump inhibitor used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease (PUD), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GORD/GERD), laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) and Zollinger–Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed drugs internationally and is available over the counter in some countries."		Mouth drynessIrbesartan	http://www.symcat.com/medications/irbesartan	Irbesartan (Avapro)	Also known as Avapro	"Irbesartan (INN)  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research (now part of sanofi-aventis). It is jointly marketed by sanofi-aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb under the trade names Aprovel, Karvea, and Avapro."	Anemia due to chronic kidney disease	Tamsulosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamsulosin	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	"Also known as Flomax Mr, Flomax, and Jalyn"	"Tamsulosin (rINN)  is a treatment for difficult urination, a common symptom of enlarged prostate. Tamsulosin, and other medications in the class called alpha blockers, work by relaxing bladder neck muscles and muscle fibers in the prostate itself and make it easier to urinate."	Erectile dysfunction	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."	Gout	Risedronate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risedronate	Risedronate (Actonel)	Also known as Actonel	"Risedronic acid (INN) or risedronate sodium (USAN) is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone. It is produced and marketed by Warner Chilcott, Sanofi-Aventis, and in Japan by Takeda under the trade names Actonel, Atelvia, and Benet. It is also available in a preparation that includes a calcium carbonate supplement, as Actonel with Calcium."		Cramps and spasmsFexofenadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fexofenadine	Fexofenadine (Allegra)	"Also known as Allegra-D 24 Hour, Allegra-D 12 Hour, Wal-Fex D, Allegra, and Wal-Fex"	"Fexofenadine (trade names Allegra, Fexidine, Telfast, Fastofen, Tilfur, Vifas, Telfexo, Allerfexo) is an antihistamine pharmaceutical drug used in the treatment of hay fever, allergy symptoms, and urticaria."		FatigueGemfibrozil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/gemfibrozil	Gemfibrozil	Also known as Lopid	"Gemfibrozil is the generic name for an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. It is most commonly sold as the brand name, Lopid. Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro."	Ischemic heart disease	Atomoxetine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atomoxetine	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	Also known as Strattera	"Atomoxetine is a drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), not to be confused with selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), both of which are currently the most prescribed form of antidepressants. This compound is manufactured, marketed and sold in the United States under the brand name Strattera by Eli Lilly and Company as a hydrochloride salt (atomoxetine HCl), the original patent filing company, and current U.S. patent owner. Generics of atomoxetine are sold in all other countries; they are manufactured by Torrent Pharmaceuticals using the label Tomoxetin, Ranbaxy Laboratories (through its Division: Solus) using the label Attentin, Sun Pharmaceuticals (through its Division: Milmet Pharmaceuticals), and Intas Biopharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic manufactured directly in the United States since it is under patent until 2017. On August 12, 2010, Lilly lost a lawsuit that challenged Lilly's patent on Strattera, increasing the likelihood of an earlier entry of a generic into the US market. On September 1, 2010, Sun Pharmaceuticals announced it would begin manufacturing a generic in the United States. In a July 29, 2011 conference call, however, Sun Pharmaceutical's Chairman stated ""Lilly won that litigation on appeal so I think ’s deferred."""		Painful menstruationMidazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/midazolam	Midazolam (Versed)	Also known as Versed	"Midazolam  is a short-acting drug in the benzodiazepine class developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1970s. The drug is used for treatment of acute seizures, moderate to severe insomnia, and for inducing sedation and amnesia before medical procedures. It possesses profoundly potent anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant, skeletal muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. Midazolam has a fast recovery time and is the most commonly used benzodiazepine as a premedication for sedation; less commonly it is used for induction and maintenance of anesthesia. Flumazenil, a benzodiazepine antagonist drug, can be used to treat an overdose of midazolam, as well as to reverse sedation. However, flumazenil can trigger seizures in mixed overdoses and in benzodiazepine-dependent individuals, so is not used in most cases."	Dislocation of the shoulder	Anastrozole	http://www.symcat.com/medications/anastrozole	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	Also known as Arimidex	"Anastrozole (INN) (marketed under the trade name Arimidex by AstraZeneca) is an aromatase-inhibiting drug approved for treatment of breast cancer after surgery, as well as for metastasis in both pre and post-menopausal women. The severity of breast cancer is increased by estrogen, as sex hormones cause hyperplasia, and differentiation at estrogen receptor sites. Anastrozole works by inhibiting the synthesis of estrogen. The patent on Arimidex by AstraZeneca expired June 2010."		ConstipationDexmethylphenidate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/dexmethylphenidate	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	Also known as Focalin	"Dexmethylphenidate, otherwise known as d-threo-methylphenidate (D-TMP), is the dextrorotatory enantiomer of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and releasing agent and thus a psychostimulant, which affects the CNS. Dexmethylphenidate is sold as Focalin by Novartis, as Attenade by Celgene and as a generic drug by Teva."		VomitingFluticasone Nasal Product	http://www.symcat.com/medications/fluticasone-nasal-product	Fluticasone Nasal Product	Also known as Flonase Nasal Product and Veramyst Nasal Product	Fluticasone Nasal Product is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blastomycosis	Zolpidem	http://www.symcat.com/medications/zolpidem	Zolpidem (Ambien)	Also known as Ambien and Intermezzo	"Zolpidem (brand names Ambien, Ambien CR, Intermezzo, Stilnox, and Sublinox) is a prescription medication used for the treatment of insomnia and some brain disorders. It is a short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic of the imidazopyridine class  that potentiates GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to GABAA receptors at the same location as benzodiazepines. It works quickly, usually within 15 minutes, and has a short half-life of two to three hours."	Neuropathy due to drugs	Terazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		Back painTerazosin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/terazosin	Terazosin	"Also known as Hytrin, Terazoosin, and Terazoisin"	"Terazosin (marketed as Hytrin or Zayasel) is a selective alpha 1 antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of an enlarged prostate (BPH). It also acts to lower the blood pressure, and is therefore a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement."		PainVenlafaxine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/venlafaxine	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	Also known as Effexor	"Venlafaxine (brand name: Effexor or Efexor) is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class. First introduced by Wyeth in 1993, now marketed by Pfizer, it is licensed for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as a treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, and comorbid indications in certain anxiety disorders with depression. In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions."		ChillsTacrolimus	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tacrolimus	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	Also known as Prograf and Protopic	"Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or fujimycin, trade names Prograf, Advagraf, Protopic) is an immunosuppressive drug that is mainly used after allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so lower the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema), severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, exacerbations of minimal change disease, and the skin condition vitiligo."		Back painPravastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/pravastatin	Pravastatin	Also known as Pravachol	"Pravastatin (marketed as Pravachol or Selektine) is a member of the drug class of statins, used in combination with diet, exercise, and weight-loss for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease."		DiarrheaGlyburide	http://www.symcat.com/medications/glyburide	Glyburide	Also known as Micronase and Diabeta	"Glibenclamide (INN), also known as glyburide (USAN), is an antidiabetic drug in a class of medications known as sulfonylureas, closely related to sulfa drugs. It was developed in 1966 in a cooperative study between Boehringer Mannheim (now part of Roche) and Hoechst (now part of Sanofi-Aventis)."		Desloratadine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/desloratadine	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	Also known as Clarinex	"Desloratadine is a drug used to treat allergies. It is marketed under several trade names such as NeoClarityn, Claramax, Clarinex, Larinex, Aerius, Dazit, Azomyr, Deselex and Delot. It is an active metabolite of loratadine, which is also on the market."		Painful menstruationEmtricitabine-Tenofovir	http://www.symcat.com/medications/emtricitabine-tenofovir	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	null	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	HPV	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tetanus-toxoid-vaccine	Tetanus Toxoid Vaccine (Adacel)	"Also known as Tripedia, Infanrix, Acel-Imune, Certiva, Daptacel, Pediarix, Decavac, Boostrix, Adacel, and Pentacel"	"DPT (also DTP and DTwP) refers to a class of combination vaccines against three infectious diseases in humans: diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus. The vaccine components include diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, and killed whole cells of the organism that causes pertussis (wP)."	Open wound due to trauma	Tamoxifen	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tamoxifen	Tamoxifen	"Also known as Emblon, Fentamox, Nolvadex-D, Oestrifen, Tamofen, Nolvadex, Noltam, and Soltamox"	"Tamoxifen is an antagonist of the estrogen receptor in breast tissue via its active metabolite, hydroxytamoxifen. In other tissues such as the endometrium, it behaves as an agonist, and thus may be characterized as a mixed agonist/antagonist. Tamoxifen is the usual endocrine (anti-estrogen) therapy for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in pre-menopausal women, and is also a standard in post-menopausal women although aromatase inhibitors are also frequently used in that setting."	Scleroderma	Modafinil	http://www.symcat.com/medications/modafinil	Modafinil (Provigil)	Also known as Provigil	"Modafinil is an eugeroic drug. It is approved by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of narcolepsy, shift work sleep disorder and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea."	Disturbance of memory	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	http://www.symcat.com/medications/tropicamide-ophthalmic	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	null	Tropicamide Ophthalmic is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Myopia	Benzonatate	http://www.symcat.com/medications/benzonatate	Benzonatate	Also known as Tessalon	"Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral cough suppressant, or antitussive, with effects that last from 6 to 8 hours. Its formal name is 2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26-nonaoxaoctacosan-28-yl para-butylaminobenzoate. Since it is not an opioid, benzonatate is not prone to abuse like some other cough medications such as codeine. Benzonatate was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1958."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	Colchicine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/colchicine	Colchicine	Also known as Colcrys	"Colchicine (Takeda's Colcrys®) is a medication that treats gout. It is a toxic natural product and secondary metabolite, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, also known as ""meadow saffron""). It was used originally to treat rheumatic complaints, especially gout, and still finds use for these purposes today despite dosing issues concerning its toxicity. It was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects."		HeadacheRisperidone	http://www.symcat.com/medications/risperidone	Risperidone	Also known as Risperdal	"Risperidone (/r__sp__r_do_n/ ri-SPAIR-i-dohn) (trade name Risperdal, and generics) is a potent antipsychotic drug which is mainly used to treat schizophrenia (including adolescent schizophrenia), schizoaffective disorder, the mixed and manic states associated with bipolar disorder, and irritability in people with autism."		Seborrheic dermatitisOlanzapine	http://www.symcat.com/medications/olanzapine	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	Also known as Zyprexa	"Olanzapine (trade name Zyprexa or in combination with fluoxetine Symbyax) is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Olanzapine is structurally similar to clozapine, but is classified as a thienobenzodiazepine. The olanzapine formulations are manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company; the drug went generic in 2011. Sales of Zyprexa in 2008 were $2.2B in the US alone, and $4.7B in total."		"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"Alprazolam	http://www.symcat.com/medications/alprazolam	Alprazolam (Xanax)	Also known as Xanax	"Alprazolam pron.: /æl_præz_læm/ (trade name Xanax, available among other generic names) is a short-acting anxiolytic of the benzodiazepine class of psychoactive drugs. Alprazolam, like other benzodiazepines, binds to specific sites on the GABAA gamma-amino-butyric acid receptor. Alprazolam is commonly used and FDA approved for the medical treatment of panic disorder, and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Alprazolam is available for oral administration in compressed tablet (CT) and extended-release capsule (XR) formulations. Alprazolam possesses anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, skeletal muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, and amnestic properties."	Anxiety and nervousness	Atorvastatin	http://www.symcat.com/medications/atorvastatin	Atorvastatin	"Also known as Caduet 10/10, Caduet 10/20, Caduet 10/40, Caduet 10/80, Caduet 2.5/40, Caduet 2.5/20, Caduet 2.5/10, Caduet 5/10, Caduet 5/20, and Caduet 5/40"	"Atorvastatin (INN) , marketed by Pfizer as a calcium salt under the trade name Lipitor, is a member of the drug class known as statins, used for lowering blood cholesterol. It also stabilizes plaque and prevents strokes through anti-inflammatory and other mechanisms. Like all statins, atorvastatin works by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, an enzyme found in liver tissue that plays a key role in production of cholesterol in the body."	West Nile virus	