title	other_names	desc	causes	percentages	related	related_p	tests	meds	ages	ages_freq	sex	sex_freq	race	race_freq
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spinal stenosis	3	Depression	24	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Carbidopa	30-44 years	0.7x	Female	1.1x	Other	1.0x
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Depression	4	Weakness	18	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Levodopa	15-29 years	1.0x	Male	0.9x	Black	1.1x
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	4	Low back pain	30	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ropinirole	75+ years	1.6x			Hispanic	0.6x
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Parkinson disease	4	Difficulty speaking	24	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Probenecid	60-74 years	1.4x			White	1.4x
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	4	Neck pain	44	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Baclofen	< 1 years	0.8x				
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Epilepsy	6	Fever	30	Radiographic imaging procedure	Abacavir	5-14 years	0.6x				
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spondylosis	9	Seizures	24	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Stavudine (Zerit)	1-4 years	0.3x				
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spondylitis	7	Abnormal involuntary movements	30	Electrocardiogram	Entacapone (Comtan)	45-59 years	1.1x				
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Ache all over	70		Nelfinavir (Viracept)						
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back pain	18		Capsaicin Topical						
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Peripheral edema	30		Calcium Polycarbophil (Fibercon)						
Stiffness all over	null	Stiffness all over is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cramps and spasms	30		Lactulose						
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Depression	6	Temper problems	50	Examination of foot	Guanfacine (Intuniv)	1-4 years	1.6x	Male	0.7x	Hispanic	2.1x
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Psychotic disorder	2	Hostile behavior	10	Arterial blood gases (ABGs)	Triiodothyronine (Cytomel)	< 1 years	0.4x	Female	1.2x	White	0.6x
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Schizophrenia	2	Frequent urination	18	Lipid panel	Diethylpropion (Tenuate)	15-29 years	0.9x			Other	1.0x
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetes	9	Weight gain	18	Psychotherapy	Naltrexone	75+ years	0.6x			Black	1.0x
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Obesity	21	Fatigue	10	Mental health counseling	Buspirone (Buspar)	30-44 years	1.3x				
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eating disorder	2	Irritable infant	24	Other OR upper GI therapeutic procedures	Desmopressin	45-59 years	1.0x				
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	4	Anxiety and nervousness	18	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Trihexyphenidyl (Artane)	60-74 years	0.9x				
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	10	Stomach bloating	44	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Simethicone (Degas)	5-14 years	1.3x				
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Depressive or psychotic symptoms	50		Calcium Polycarbophil (Fibercon)						
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diaper rash	24		Phentermine						
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Depression	35		Lactobacillus Acidophilus (Dofus)						
Excessive appetite	Also known as Voracious Appetite	Excessive appetite is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Decreased appetite	10								
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	High blood pressure	4	Too little hair	2	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Phendimetrazine	30-44 years	0.2x	Male	0.7x	Hispanic	0.8x
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Obesity	48	Hot flashes	4	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Mexiletine	75+ years	1.6x	Female	1.2x	Other	0.8x
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Heart failure	4	Peripheral edema	8	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Triiodothyronine (Cytomel)	60-74 years	0.9x			White	1.0x
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Depression	4	Recent pregnancy	2	Lipid panel	Diethylpropion (Tenuate)	< 1 years	1.3x			Black	1.2x
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Diabetes	7	Loss of sex drive	17	Mental health counseling	Phentermine	45-59 years	0.2x				
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Hypothyroidism	4	Apnea	3	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Fluvoxamine (Luvox)	15-29 years	0.8x				
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Hyperlipidemia	14	Problems with shape or size of breast	10	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Biotin	1-4 years	0.4x				
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	12	Sleepiness	3	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Orlistat (Alli)	5-14 years	1.4x				
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."			Fatigue	12		Sibutramine (Meridia)						
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."			Abnormal breathing sounds	10		Mycophenolic Acid (Myfortic)						
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."			Excessive appetite	29								
Weight gain	Also known as Obesity and Overweight	"Weight gain is an increase in body weight. This can be either an increase in muscle mass, fat deposits, or excess fluids such as water."			Smoking problems	5								
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	3	Sharp chest pain	68	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	75+ years	1.0x	Male	1.3x	White	1.0x
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Alcohol abuse	5	Melena	26	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Sodium Citrate	< 1 years	0.7x	Female	0.8x	Hispanic	1.0x
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Hyperemesis gravidarum	20	Burning abdominal pain	24	Electrolytes panel	Methenamine	15-29 years	1.8x			Other	0.6x
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Anemia	6	Changes in stool appearance	26	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Famotidine	30-44 years	1.2x			Black	1.0x
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Gastroduodenal ulcer	2	Rectal bleeding	29	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Tetracycline	60-74 years	0.6x				
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	13	Sharp abdominal pain	20	Urinalysis	Sucralfate (Carafate)	45-59 years	0.5x				
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Gastritis	8	Vomiting	24	Intravenous fluid replacement	Octreotide	5-14 years	0.3x				
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."	Hypovolemia	2	Dizziness	47	Radiographic imaging procedure	Pantoprazole	1-4 years	0.5x				
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."			Abusing alcohol	29		Hypromellose (Genteal)						
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."			Nausea	28		Alpha 1-Antitrypsin						
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."			Blood in stool	18		Droperidol						
Vomiting blood	Also known as Hematemesis	"Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood. The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract. Patients can easily confuse it with hemoptysis (coughing up blood), although the latter is more common."			Diarrhea	18		Sodium Polystyrene Sulfonate (Kayexalate)						
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Diverticulosis	3	Itching of the anus	9	Intravenous fluid replacement	Mesalamine (Asacol)	5-14 years	0.9x	Female	1.1x	White	0.8x
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	2	Burning abdominal pain	53	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Flumazenil	30-44 years	1.9x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Colonic polyp	5	Changes in stool appearance	41	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Psyllium	< 1 years	1.4x			Black	1.0x
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Anal fissure	16	Heartburn	4	Rectal examination	Hydrocortisone-Pramoxine Topical	15-29 years	0.1x			Hispanic	1.0x
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Chronic constipation	27	Constipation	14	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Docusate (Colace)	60-74 years	1.1x				
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Hemorrhoids	2	Blood in stool	35	Sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy	Glycerin (Fleet)	45-59 years	1.1x				
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Rectal disorder	25	Pain of the anus	31	Electrolytes panel	Diatrizoate	75+ years	0.3x				
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	6	Vomiting blood	19	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Methylcellulose (Citrucel)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:			Melena	7		Thiopental (Pentothal)						
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:			Diarrhea	7		Pramoxine Topical						
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:			Mass or swelling around the anus	7		Sulfasalazine						
Rectal bleeding	Also known as Bright Red Blood Per Rectum and BRBPR	Rectal bleeding can refer to:			Sharp abdominal pain	4		Midazolam (Versed)						
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Gastritis	3	Lower abdominal pain	23	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Dolasetron (Anzemet)	5-14 years	1.0x	Male	0.8x	Hispanic	1.1x
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Pain after an operation	4	Sharp chest pain	18	Intravenous fluid replacement	Dimenhydrinate (Dramamine)	30-44 years	1.0x	Female	1.2x	Other	0.8x
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Infectious gastroenteritis	5	Side pain	33	Urinalysis	Trimethobenzamide (Tigan)	15-29 years	1.4x			White	0.9x
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Upper abdominal pain	88	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ondansetron (Zofran)	45-59 years	0.8x			Black	0.9x
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Hypovolemia	8	Dizziness	20	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	1-4 years	1.3x				
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	3	Weakness	20	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Promethazine	75+ years	0.3x				
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Urinary tract infection	5	Fever	32	Radiographic imaging procedure	Metoclopramide	< 1 years	0.7x				
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"	Migraine	2	Diarrhea	58	Electrolytes panel	Loperamide (Imodium)	60-74 years	0.4x				
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"			Vomiting	48		Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)						
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"			Sharp abdominal pain	25		Digitoxin						
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"			Burning abdominal pain	69								
Nausea	"Also known as Feel like throwing up, Nervous stomach, Sick to stomach, Upset stomach, and Stomach ache"	"Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek ______ - nausia, ""______"" - nautia, motion sickness"", ""feeling sick,"" ""queasy"" or ""wamble"") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ____ - naus, ""ship""; ______ started as meaning ""seasickness"".)"			Headache	53								
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	8	Arm stiffness or tightness	4	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Colloidal Oatmeal Topical	30-44 years	1.2x	Male	0.9x	White	1.0x
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	4	Skin swelling	8	Excision (Removal)	Sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim)	45-59 years	0.4x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.3x
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Molluscum contagiosum	2	Arm swelling	15	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Fluorouracil Topical	60-74 years	0.7x			Other	1.2x
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	2	Abnormal appearing skin	8	Incision and drainage (I d)	Calamine Topical	< 1 years	1.2x			Black	0.9x
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hidradenitis suppurativa	2	Knee lump or mass	4	Wound care management	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	1-4 years	0.6x				
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	3	Arm pain	8	Examination of breast	"Insulin, Glulisine, Human (Apidra)"	5-14 years	1.1x				
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	7	Leg lump or mass	4	Biopsy	Rabies Vaccine (Obsolete)	75+ years	0.4x				
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lipoma	20	Vaginal discharge	11	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Danazol	15-29 years	1.3x				
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin pain	18		Saxagliptin (Onglyza)						
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back mass or lump	11		Fluocinolone Topical						
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sweating	18								
Arm lump or mass	null	Arm lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Neck mass	49								
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Parkinson disease	8	Fever	25	Electrolytes panel	Chlordiazepoxide	30-44 years	1.8x	Male	0.9x	White	0.8x
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Alcohol abuse	5	Chills	35	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Amantadine	45-59 years	0.8x	Female	1.1x	Other	1.1x
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Epilepsy	2	Headache	15	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Ropinirole	60-74 years	1.4x			Black	0.9x
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	3	Abnormal breathing sounds	29	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Primidone	5-14 years	0.8x			Hispanic	0.7x
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Tic (movement) disorder	7	Paresthesia	11	Intravenous fluid replacement	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	15-29 years	1.1x				
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Anxiety	2	Loss of sensation	29	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Entacapone (Comtan)	1-4 years	0.9x				
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Essential tremor	5	Insomnia	26	Electrocardiogram	Guanfacine (Intuniv)	75+ years	0.6x				
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:	Restless leg syndrome	2	Dizziness	19	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Carbidopa	< 1 years	0.7x				
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:			Seizures	30		Propranolol						
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:			Anxiety and nervousness	14		Rasagiline (Azilect)						
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:			Weakness	15		Trihexyphenidyl (Artane)						
Abnormal involuntary movements	"Also known as Jerking, Tics, Tremors, and Clonus"	Movement disorders include:			Problems with movement	30								
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Chronic constipation	2	Sharp abdominal pain	14	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Guar Gum	1-4 years	1.1x	Male	1.0x	Other	0.9x
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	2	Vomiting	66	Sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	30-44 years	1.0x	Female	1.0x	Black	1.0x
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Rectal disorder	4	Irritable infant	28	Intravenous fluid replacement	Glycerin (Fleet)	< 1 years	0.6x			Hispanic	1.0x
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Pain after an operation	3	Rectal bleeding	13	Urinalysis	Magnesium Citrate	75+ years	0.6x			White	1.3x
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Irritable bowel syndrome	1	Burning abdominal pain	9	Rectal examination	Docusate (Colace)	60-74 years	1.6x				
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Intestinal obstruction	1	Retention of urine	26	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Psyllium	15-29 years	4.3x				
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Hemorrhoids	2	Blood in stool	22	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Lubiprostone (Amitiza)	45-59 years	1.8x				
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."	Diverticulosis	54	Decreased appetite	20	Electrolytes panel	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	5-14 years	0.8x				
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."			Stomach bloating	13		Mineral Oil (Stye)						
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."			Nausea	7		Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine (Pre-Pen)						
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."			Pain of the anus	10		Lactulose						
Constipation	Also known as No bowel movement for 3 days and Difficulty Defecating	"Constipation (also known as costiveness or dyschezia) refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening."			Flatulence	8		"Sennosides, Usp (Perdiem)"						
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Heart failure	1	Insomnia	22	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Fenofibric Acid (Trilipix)	5-14 years	1.4x	Female	0.7x	White	0.8x
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Deviated nasal septum	4	Difficulty breathing	14	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Tryptophan	75+ years	0.7x	Male	1.4x	Hispanic	0.8x
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	2	Abnormal breathing sounds	76	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Prazosin	45-59 years	1.2x			Other	1.2x
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Obesity	54	Weight gain	24	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Formoterol	30-44 years	1.7x			Black	0.7x
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	2	Difficulty in swallowing	59	Echocardiography	Zaleplon (Sonata)	< 1 years	0.3x				
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Restless leg syndrome	1	Fatigue	4	Other therapeutic procedures	Caffeine	60-74 years	0.6x				
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."	Tonsillar hypertrophy	1	Drainage in throat	11	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Drospirenone-Estradiol	1-4 years	0.9x				
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."			Sleepiness	3	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Dexlansoprazole (Dexilant)	15-29 years	0.4x				
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."			Abnormal involuntary movements	60		Pramipexole (Mirapex)						
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."			Swollen or red tonsils	8		Modafinil (Provigil)						
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."			Mouth dryness	5		Aminosalicylic Acid						
Apnea	Also known as Snoring sounds during sleep and Stops Breathing	"Apnea, apnoea, or apn프 (Greek: _____, from _-, privative, _____, to breathe), is a term for suspension of external breathing. During apnea there is no movement of the muscles of respiration and the volume of the lungs initially remains unchanged. Depending on the patency of the airways there may or may not be a flow of gas between the lungs and the environment; gas exchange within the lungs and cellular respiration is not affected."						Intramuscular Immunoglobulin (Baygam)						
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Pregnancy	4	Pain during pregnancy	8	Standard pregnancy test	Metronidazole	45-59 years	0.1x	Male	0.0x	Black	0.5x
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Urinary tract infection	3	Unpredictable menstruation	24	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Butoconazole Topical	30-44 years	0.2x	Female	1.7x	Hispanic	1.2x
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Vaginitis	15	Cramps and spasms	59	Examination of breast	Nonoxynol 9 Topical	1-4 years	0.3x			Other	2.3x
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Yeast infection	4	Vaginal itching	51	Pap smear	Tinidazole	15-29 years	0.1x			White	1.1x
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Benign vaginal discharge (leukorrhea)	29	Vaginal pain	33	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Boric Acid Topical	60-74 years	1.6x				
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Pelvic inflammatory disease	10	Pelvic pain	16	Chlamydia test	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	5-14 years	2.8x				
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Cervicitis	3	Vulvar irritation	7	Urinalysis	Cefixime (Suprax)	< 1 years	0.0x				
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"	Vaginal yeast infection	10	Painful urination	19	Pelvis exam	Clindamycin Topical Product	75+ years	0.5x				
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"			Vaginal redness	38		Miconazole Topical Product						
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"			Lower abdominal pain	28		Terconazole Topical						
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"			Problems during pregnancy	6		Metronidazole Topical Product						
Vaginal discharge	Also known as Leukorrhea	"Vaginal discharge is a term given to biological fluids contained within or expelled from the vagina. It can be of various colors, (whitish, yellowish or greenish)"			Sharp abdominal pain	6		Clotrimazole Topical						
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	5	Sharp abdominal pain	10	Standard pregnancy test	Medroxyprogesterone	75+ years	0.0x	Female	0.0x	White	1.2x
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Uterine fibroids	5	Involuntary urination	8	Examination of breast	Ortho Cyclen	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.7x	Other	1.6x
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Idiopathic absence of menstruation	3	Infertility	18	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Portia	45-59 years	2.5x			Black	1.1x
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Menopause	37	Cramps and spasms	8	Chlamydia test	Progesterone	15-29 years	0.5x			Hispanic	0.9x
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)	3	Pelvic pain	5	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Frovatriptan (Frova)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	3	Sweating	5	Urinalysis	Clomiphene (Clomid)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	9	Long menstrual periods	28	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	30-44 years	0.9x				
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."	Vulvodynia	5	Painful menstruation	16	Pelvis exam	Modicon	< 1 years	1.5x				
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."			Hot flashes	40		Levonorgestrel						
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."			Vaginal discharge	8								
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."			Premenstrual tension or irritability	29								
Unpredictable menstruation	"Also known as Unpredictable periods, Metrorrhagia, and Breakthrough Bleeding"	"Metrorrhagia (metro = womb, -rrhagia = excessive flow) is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods."			Heavy menstrual flow	10								
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Carpal tunnel syndrome	15	Wrist pain	5	Wound care management	Potassium Phosphate	15-29 years	0.6x	Male	1.2x	White	1.1x
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the finger	8	Wrist stiffness or tightness	57	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Potassium Perchlorate	5-14 years	0.2x	Female	0.9x	Black	0.9x
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	3	Skin on arm or hand looks infected	2	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Meprobamate (Miltown)	45-59 years	1.3x			Other	1.0x
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the hand	7	Wrist swelling	30	Incision and drainage (I d)	Phenylpropanolamine (E.N.T.)	< 1 years	0.8x			Hispanic	0.9x
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	11	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	2	Application of splint (Splinting)	Chloroprocaine	75+ years	1.2x				
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	8	Joint pain	39	Radiographic imaging procedure	Atracurium	1-4 years	0.1x				
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	5	Hand or finger swelling	11	Traction; splints; and other wound care	Rifabutin	60-74 years	1.1x				
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	6	Hand or finger lump or mass	3	Suturing of wound	Liraglutide (Victoza)	30-44 years	1.3x				
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm pain	4		Bromfenac (Bromday)						
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Elbow pain	5		Samarium Sm 153 Lexidronam (Quadramet)						
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger weakness	15								
Hand or finger pain	Also known as Pain In Hand and Painful Hand	Hand or finger pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Loss of sensation	28								
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	6	Skin growth	8	Other therapeutic procedures	Fluorescein	1-4 years	0.9x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.5x
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin cancer	3	Itchiness of eye	21	Biopsy	Erythromycin Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.8x	Female	1.0x	White	1.6x
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cyst of the eyelid	5	Diminished vision	8	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on skin and breast	Levodopa	15-29 years	0.9x			Black	1.1x
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stye	4	Eyelid swelling	8	Excision of skin lesion	Triamcinolone Topical Product	5-14 years	1.1x			Other	0.8x
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	3	Itchy eyelid	21	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Erythromycin	45-59 years	1.1x				
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	13	Mass in scrotum	15	Excision (Removal)	Bacitracin (Septa)	75+ years	1.0x				
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blepharitis	7	Symptoms of eye	21	Physical therapy exercises; manipulation; and other procedures	Epinastine Ophthalmic	60-74 years	2.6x				
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chalazion	46	Pain in eye	8	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Tobramycin (Tobi)	< 1 years	0.6x				
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Dry lips	15		Tropicamide Ophthalmic						
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eyelid lesion or rash	15		Azithromycin Ophthalmic						
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eye burns or stings	26		Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin moles	8		Latanoprost						
Mass on eyelid	Also known as Bump on eyelid	Mass on eyelid is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Minocycline						
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Pelvic organ prolapse	3	Unusual color or odor to urine	9	Endoscopy and endoscopic biopsy of the urinary tract	Estropipate (Ogen)	45-59 years	2.3x	Female	0.6x	Hispanic	0.6x
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	9	Blood in urine	21	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Darifenacin (Enablex)	60-74 years	1.4x	Male	1.3x	Black	0.9x
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Prostate cancer	13	Excessive urination at night	3	Rectal examination	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	75+ years	0.0x			White	1.2x
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Overflow incontinence	8	Frequent urination	8	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Bethanechol	< 1 years	0.3x			Other	0.9x
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Urge incontinence	3	Unpredictable menstruation	18	Pelvis exam	Fesoterodine (Toviaz)	5-14 years	0.2x				
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Stress incontinence	3	Retention of urine	8	Urinalysis	Oxybutynin	30-44 years	1.9x				
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Cystitis	2	Symptoms of bladder	52	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Tolterodine (Detrol)	1-4 years	0.7x				
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"	Urinary tract infection	2	Painful urination	15	Examination of breast	Desmopressin	15-29 years	0.6x				
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"			Incontinence of stool	5		"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"						
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"			Suprapubic pain	20		Imipramine						
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"			Pelvic pain	9		Silodosin (Rapaflo)						
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"			Problems with movement	9		Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)						
Involuntary urination	"Also known as Urinary Incontinence, Bladder Incontinence, Loss Of Bladder Control, Weak Bladder, and Leaking Urine"	"Urinary incontinence (UI), involuntary urination, is any involuntary leakage of urine. It can be a common and distressing problem, which may have a profound impact on quality of life. Urinary incontinence almost always results from an underlying treatable medical condition but is under-reported to medical practitioners.Enuresis is often used to refer to urinary incontinence primarily in children, such as nocturnal enuresis (bed wetting)"						Trospium (Sanctura)						
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Otitis media	9	Ear pain	10	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Augmentin	75+ years	1.4x	Male	0.8x	Other	0.4x
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	5	Facial pain	23	Upper gastrointestinal X-ray	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	15-29 years	0.5x	Female	1.1x	White	0.5x
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Acute bronchitis	2	Sore throat	18	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Robitussin Ac	45-59 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.3x
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Common cold	5	Nasal congestion	67	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Cefuroxime	60-74 years	0.0x			Black	0.6x
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	42	Headache	27	Plastic procedures on nose (Rhinoplasty)	Oxymetazoline Nasal	30-44 years	1.8x				
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Chronic sinusitis	3	Plugged feeling in ear	58	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Azelastine Nasal	1-4 years	0.7x				
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Nose disorder	26	Cough	14	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Robitussin Dm	5-14 years	0.2x				
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."	Acute sinusitis	15	Coughing up sputum	67	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	< 1 years	0.0x				
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."			Sinus congestion	46		Triamcinolone Nasal Product						
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."			Coryza	57		Benzonatate						
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."			Fever	9		Clarithromycin						
Frontal headache	Also known as Sinus headache	"Sinusitis or rhinosinusitis is inflammation of the paranasal sinuses. It can be due to infection, allergy, or autoimmune issues. Most cases are due to a viral infection and resolve over the course of 10 days. It is a common condition, with over 24 million cases annually in the U.S."			Painful sinuses	23								
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Epididymitis	5	Symptoms of the scrotum and testes	5	Intravenous fluid replacement	Doxycycline	30-44 years	1.0x	Male	2.4x	Other	0.8x
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Varicocele of the testicles	8	Groin pain	16	Radiographic imaging procedure	Bisoprolol (Emcor)	15-29 years	1.2x	Female	0.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hydrocele of the testicle	4	Chills	9	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Minoxidil (Rogaine)	60-74 years	1.2x			White	1.0x
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	2	Retention of urine	9	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim)	1-4 years	1.1x			Black	1.1x
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Inguinal hernia	3	Unusual color or odor to urine	81	Urinalysis	Dimenhydrinate (Dramamine)	45-59 years	1.3x				
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	19	Mass in scrotum	13	Electrolytes panel	Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)	< 1 years	0.4x				
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	4	Abnormal appearing skin	9	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Lanolin Topical	75+ years	1.1x				
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Male genitalia infection	25	Swollen abdomen	5	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Diatrizoate	5-14 years	1.0x				
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in testicles	9		Rifampin						
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of prostate	13								
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Peripheral edema	9								
Swelling of scrotum	Also known as Scrotal Edema	Swelling of scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abdominal distention	28								
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	6	Cough	34	Urinalysis	Isradipine	75+ years	1.8x	Male	1.0x	Black	1.3x
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Strep throat	3	Sharp chest pain	30	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Cefepime	1-4 years	1.1x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypokalemia	3	Dizziness	47	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Linezolid (Zyvox)	60-74 years	1.0x			White	1.8x
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	2	Abnormal appearing skin	25	Electrolytes panel	Ribavirin	45-59 years	2.0x			Other	0.8x
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	4	Fever	34	Radiographic imaging procedure	Salicylic Acid Topical	< 1 years	0.7x				
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	2	Sore throat	34	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Cefadroxil	30-44 years	0.8x				
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	2	Sweating	49	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Cefprozil	5-14 years	1.0x				
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anxiety	11	Vomiting	34	Electrocardiogram	Rifampin	15-29 years	1.1x				
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Headache	34		Peginterferon Alfa-2B (Sylatron)						
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fainting	47		Theophylline						
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shortness of breath	49								
Feeling hot	null	Feeling hot is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Weakness	25								
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	19	Arm lump or mass	56	Excision (Removal)	Phenylpropanolamine (E.N.T.)	1-4 years	1.0x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.8x
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Shingles (herpes zoster)	6	Skin growth	7	Wound care management	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	15-29 years	0.6x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	0.8x
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	5	Skin moles	18	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Ketoconazole	30-44 years	0.9x			Black	1.2x
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	4	Abnormal appearing skin	69	Incision and drainage (I d)	Nafcillin	45-59 years	0.6x			White	1.0x
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Actinic keratosis	5	Skin irritation	31	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Vancomycin	< 1 years	0.2x				
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	3	Acne or pimples	18	Excision of skin lesion	Minocycline	60-74 years	0.7x				
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	4	Skin swelling	60	Culture wound	Acyclovir	75+ years	1.2x				
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic keratosis	3	Warts	13	Biopsy	Benzoyl Peroxide-Erythromycin Topical	5-14 years	1.4x				
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itching of skin	63		Mupirocin Topical						
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	53		Urea Topical						
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin rash	13		Naftifine Topical						
Skin pain	null	Skin pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin lesion	38		Clindamycin-Tretinoin Topical						
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Male genitalia infection	6	Penis redness	11	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Clotrimazole Topical	5-14 years	0.9x	Male	2.4x	Other	0.6x
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hydrocele of the testicle	4	Mass on eyelid	11	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	"Belladonna Extract, Usp (Butibel)"	1-4 years	0.4x	Female	0.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Varicocele of the testicles	40	Bumps on penis	19	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Emtricitabine-Tenofovir	75+ years	1.7x			Black	1.1x
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Testicular cancer	4	Problems with orgasm	19	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Tadalafil (Cialis)	45-59 years	0.5x			White	0.9x
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spermatocele	3	Swelling of scrotum	11	Rectal examination	Vardenafil (Levitra)	15-29 years	0.3x				
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	7	Allergic reaction	11	Biopsy	Ceftibuten (Cedax)	60-74 years	1.7x				
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	8	Lower body pain	11	Urinalysis	Erlotinib (Tarceva)	< 1 years	0.9x				
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Inguinal hernia	3	Symptoms of the scrotum and testes	11	Nonoperative urinary system measurements	Buprenorphine (Suboxone)	30-44 years	0.4x				
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Involuntary urination	50		Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Groin pain	11		Tetracycline						
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lacrimation	11		Carboplatin						
Mass in scrotum	Also known as Lump in testicle and Scrotal Mass	Mass in scrotum is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in testicles	19		Asenapine (Saphris)						
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Urinary tract infection	3	Nausea	44	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Nesiritide	15-29 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Hypovolemia	7	Vomiting	11	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Metolazone	45-59 years	1.0x	Male	1.0x	White	1.1x
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Pyogenic skin infection	2	Shortness of breath	28	Urinalysis	Alka Seltzer	75+ years	0.8x			Other	1.0x
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Acute kidney injury	2	Problems with movement	11	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dolasetron (Anzemet)	1-4 years	1.5x			Black	0.7x
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Allergy	3	Diarrhea	29	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Factor Viii	5-14 years	0.9x				
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Tooth abscess	14	Problems during pregnancy	22	Electrolytes panel	Ethacrynic Acid (Ea)	60-74 years	1.0x				
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	2	Weakness	28	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Probenecid	30-44 years	1.1x				
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:	Heart failure	4	Difficulty in swallowing	32	Intravenous fluid replacement	Hydrocortisone-Iodoquinol Topical	< 1 years	1.0x				
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:			Ache all over	8		Bacitracin Topical						
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:			Itching of skin	10		Ivermectin						
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:			Decreased appetite	44		"Albumin Human, Usp (Albutein)"						
Fluid retention	"Also known as Fluid imbalance, Holding water, Anasarca, and Generalized Edema"	Water retention can refer to:			Abnormal appearing skin	20		Nilutamide						
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal yeast infection	2	Suprapubic pain	3	Examination of breast	Betamethasone-Clotrimazole Topical	15-29 years	0.4x	Female	1.7x	White	0.6x
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vulvodynia	2	Vaginal discharge	3	Urinalysis	Terconazole Topical	5-14 years	2.1x	Male	0.0x	Hispanic	1.7x
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Atrophic vaginitis	28	Problems during pregnancy	15	Chlamydia test	Nystatin-Triamcinolone Topical	1-4 years	0.1x			Black	1.4x
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Benign vaginal discharge (leukorrhea)	13	Unusual color or odor to urine	77	Rectal examination	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	< 1 years	0.2x			Other	1.6x
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Yeast infection	5	Unpredictable menstruation	8	Pap smear	Miconazole Topical Product	75+ years	0.4x				
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	21	Vaginal redness	24	Pelvis exam	Metronidazole Topical Product	45-59 years	0.8x				
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	2	Pain during intercourse	37	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Clindamycin Topical Product	30-44 years	1.5x				
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginitis	7	Vulvar irritation	7	Standard pregnancy test	Metronidazole	60-74 years	0.6x				
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pelvic pain	14		Clotrimazole Topical						
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Painful urination	14		Tinidazole						
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vaginal pain	30		Fluconazole (Diflucan)						
Vaginal itching	Also known as Itching Of Vagina	Vaginal itching is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frequent urination	7								
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	2	Swelling of scrotum	17	Culture wound	Bacitracin (Septa)	30-44 years	0.8x	Male	2.4x	Black	1.2x
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Burn	4	Retention of urine	24	Endoscopy and endoscopic biopsy of the urinary tract	Terbinafine Topical	60-74 years	0.4x	Female	0.0x	White	1.3x
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)	7	Suprapubic pain	17	Incision and drainage (I d)	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	1-4 years	2.1x			Hispanic	0.7x
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Balanitis	3	Abnormal appearing skin	10	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Nystatin Topical Product	5-14 years	1.9x			Other	1.6x
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Phimosis	2	Pain in testicles	17	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Tolnaftate Topical	< 1 years	0.3x				
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	12	Penis pain	30	Urinalysis	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	45-59 years	0.2x				
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Epididymitis	2	Bumps on penis	10	Cancer chemotherapy (Chemotherapy)	Linezolid (Zyvox)	15-29 years	0.7x				
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Male genitalia infection	37	Itching of skin	10	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Mupirocin Topical	75+ years	6.4x				
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Penile discharge	47		Brompheniramine (E.N.T.)						
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Painful urination	30		Clotrimazole Topical						
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pulling at ears	62		Permethrin Topical						
Penis redness	Also known as Penis inflammed and Penis Skin Rash	Penis redness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frequent urination	17		Ketoconazole						
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	4	Shoulder pain	12	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Alteplase	15-29 years	0.7x	Male	1.2x	Black	1.0x
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	3	Neck stiffness or tightness	71	Radiographic imaging procedure	"Immunoglobulins, Intravenous (Gammagard)"	1-4 years	0.9x	Female	0.9x	White	1.3x
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stroke	7	Leg weakness	21	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Metolazone	< 1 years	0.6x			Hispanic	0.8x
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dislocation of the elbow	7	Elbow pain	12	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Nitroprusside	5-14 years	1.0x			Other	1.3x
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the arm	11	Loss of sensation	12	Application of splint (Splinting)	Rifampin	30-44 years	3.5x				
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the hand	3	Problems with movement	25	Electrocardiogram		45-59 years	2.4x				
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the arm	6	Shoulder lump or mass	12	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)		75+ years	0.6x				
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the shoulder	3	Arm pain	25	Plain x-ray (X ray)		60-74 years	0.8x				
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Slurring words	12								
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shoulder swelling	16								
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm swelling	49								
Arm stiffness or tightness	Also known as Tightness In Arm and Arm Tightness	Arm stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg stiffness or tightness	21								
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bladder obstruction	3	Impotence	3	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Dutasteride (Avodart)	45-59 years	0.0x	Female	2.4x	Hispanic	1.3x
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	1	Hesitancy	17	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Tadalafil (Cialis)	75+ years	0.0x	Male	0.0x	Other	0.4x
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Overflow incontinence	4	Excessive urination at night	42	Biopsy	Doxazosin	1-4 years	2.5x			Black	0.6x
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Prostate cancer	7	Retention of urine	7	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	< 1 years	0.1x			White	0.4x
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Erectile dysfunction	10	Feeling hot	20	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	5-14 years	3.0x				
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney stone	54	Muscle weakness	9	Diagnostic ultrasound of urinary tract	Vardenafil (Levitra)	30-44 years	0.1x				
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract obstruction	6	Swelling of scrotum	9	Rectal examination	Flunisolide Nasal	60-74 years	1.4x				
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Prostatitis	2	Involuntary urination	30	Urinalysis	Bisoprolol (Emcor)	15-29 years	0.0x				
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frequent urination	3		Finasteride (Propecia)						
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in testicles	32		Sildenafil (Viagra)						
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Blood in urine	7		Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)						
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Blood in stool	7		Terazosin						
Symptoms of prostate	null	Symptoms of prostate is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Testosterone						
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Osteoarthritis	13	Foot or toe cramps or spasms	57	Intravenous fluid replacement	Quinine	15-29 years	1.6x	Male	0.9x	Black	0.7x
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Diabetes	5	Leg swelling	16	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Leuprolide (Lupron)	1-4 years	1.0x	Female	1.1x	White	0.5x
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Coronary atherosclerosis	4	Fatigue	13	Lipid panel	Quinidine	30-44 years	0.3x			Other	1.1x
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	High blood pressure	6	Hand or finger cramps or spasms	16	Electrolytes panel	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	75+ years	1.6x			Hispanic	1.1x
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Chronic back pain	3	Abnormal involuntary movements	19	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	< 1 years	0.0x				
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Muscle spasm	5	Cramps and spasms	10	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Acarbose	60-74 years	0.2x				
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Varicose veins	19	Retention of urine	16	Electrocardiogram	Tizanidine	45-59 years	1.9x				
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Hyperlipidemia	3	Problems with movement	10	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Magnesium Gluconate (Almora)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Arm cramps or spasms	10		Baclofen						
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Leg pain	26		Lanthanum Carbonate (Fosrenol)						
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Back cramps or spasms	7		Insulin Lispro-Insulin Lispro Protamine						
Leg cramps or spasms	"Also known as Leg Cramp, Cramps In Legs, and Leg Muscle Cramps"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Paresthesia	21								
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystitis	2	Back pain	34	Electrolytes panel	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	45-59 years	1.0x	Male	1.2x	Hispanic	1.0x
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney stone	2	Retention of urine	59	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Nitrofurantoin	75+ years	0.9x	Female	0.7x	White	0.8x
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	2	Frequent urination	23	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Ciprofloxacin	5-14 years	1.2x			Other	1.0x
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lumbago	3	Painful urination	44	Intravenous fluid replacement	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	15-29 years	0.6x			Black	1.1x
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Temporary or benign blood in urine	8	Low back pain	17	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Bactrim	1-4 years	1.0x				
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginitis	37	Blood in urine	32	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Midodrine	30-44 years	0.8x				
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	2	Side pain	17	Urinalysis	Asenapine (Saphris)	60-74 years	1.1x				
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyelonephritis	5	Fever	44	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Cholestyramine Resin (Questran)	< 1 years	1.4x				
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Chills	32		Choline Salicylate						
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Suprapubic pain	62		Auranofin						
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	49		Cefixime (Suprax)						
Unusual color or odor to urine	"Also known as Urine looks strange, Urine smells strange, Foul-smelling urine, and Abnormal Smelling Urine"	Unusual color or odor to urine is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lower abdominal pain	29		Ampicillin						
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Itching of unknown cause	14	Acne or pimples	10	Cardiac stress tests	Clobetasol Topical	30-44 years	1.1x	Male	1.1x	Black	2.1x
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Contact dermatitis	18	Skin irritation	18	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Betamethasone Topical Product	15-29 years	1.8x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.5x
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Seborrheic dermatitis	7	Skin growth	10	Cancer chemotherapy (Chemotherapy)	Desonide Topical	75+ years	1.1x			White	1.4x
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Fungal infection of the hair	4	Eyelid lesion or rash	10	Culture wound	Hydrocortisone Topical	5-14 years	0.7x			Other	0.7x
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Psoriasis	13	Throat feels tight	52	Prophylactic vaccinations and inoculations	Ketoconazole	60-74 years	1.1x				
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Lice	7	Abnormal appearing skin	25	Referral to home health care service	Fluocinolone Topical	1-4 years	0.5x				
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Fungal infection of the skin	20	Dry or flaky scalp	49	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Pyrithione Zinc Topical	< 1 years	0.7x				
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"	Skin polyp	6	Irregular appearing scalp	25		Griseofulvin	45-59 years	0.9x				
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"			Too little hair	36		Permethrin Topical						
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"			Skin rash	49		Fluocinonide Topical						
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"			Lip swelling	10		Selenium Sulfide Topical						
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"			Itching of skin	41		Ciclopirox Topical						
Itchy scalp	Also known as Pruritus Of Scalp and Scalp Itching	"Scalp pruritus is an itchiness of the scalp, particularly common in elderly persons.:56-57"						Salicylic Acid Topical						
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	2	Seizures	3	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Melatonin	< 1 years	3.6x	Female	1.4x	White	0.8x
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Congenital malformation syndrome	2	Infant spitting up	27	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Decitabine	30-44 years	0.2x	Male	0.7x	Other	1.4x
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Autism	6	Decreased appetite	3	Mental health counseling	Nitroprusside	60-74 years	5.3x			Hispanic	1.7x
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	2	Drainage in throat	6	Rectal examination	Rubella Virus Vaccine	45-59 years	0.0x			Black	1.0x
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Anxiety	2	Neck cramps or spasms	3	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Multivitamin With Minerals	5-14 years	6.8x				
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Pituitary disorder	3	Bones are painful	3	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	1-4 years	0.1x				
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Epilepsy	14	Difficulty speaking	9	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Somatropin	15-29 years	0.3x				
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."	Developmental disability	2	Bedwetting	3	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Chlorothiazide	75+ years	0.0x				
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."			Difficulty eating	3		Riboflavin						
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."			Muscle weakness	19		Cyproheptadine						
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."			Jaundice	3		Guanfacine (Intuniv)						
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."			Absence of menstruation	9		Mexiletine						
Lack of growth	"Also known as Failure to thrive, Growth immaturity, Poor weight gain, Slow movement, and Too short"	"Failure to thrive (FTT) or weight faltering used in both pediatric and adult medicine, as well as veterinary medicine (where it is also referred to as ill thrift) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss."						Nizatidine (Axid)						
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Foreign body in the ear	8	Fluid in ear	7	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Boric Acid Topical	30-44 years	0.3x	Male	0.8x	Black	1.4x
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the ear	8	Irritable infant	7	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Levocetirizine (Xyzal)	75+ years	0.7x	Female	1.3x	Other	1.0x
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the face	7	Nosebleed	48	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Cefprozil	< 1 years	1.7x			Hispanic	0.9x
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic otitis media	2	Ear pain	75	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Nicardipine	5-14 years	0.8x			White	0.9x
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Burn	34	Redness in ear	29	Prophylactic vaccinations and inoculations	Ofloxacin	60-74 years	2.1x				
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ear drum damage	5	Congestion in chest	7	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Hydrogen Peroxide Topical	15-29 years	0.5x				
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	15	Symptoms of eye	14	Suturing of wound	Coal Tar Topical	1-4 years	1.1x				
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	3				Bioflavonoids (P-1000)	45-59 years	4.2x				
Bleeding from ear	Also known as Otorrhagia and Ear Bleed	Bleeding from ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Desmopressin						
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	3	Decreased appetite	36	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Benzocaine Topical	15-29 years	0.0x	Female	0.8x	White	0.8x
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Teething syndrome	53	Gum pain	69	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Cefprozil	< 1 years	0.0x	Male	1.3x	Hispanic	0.7x
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	2	Temper problems	8	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Cefdinir	45-59 years	0.0x			Other	1.2x
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ear wax impaction	1	Fever	30	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Amoxicillin	75+ years	0.0x			Black	1.4x
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute bronchiolitis	1	Redness in ear	24	Nebulizer therapy	Ofloxacin	60-74 years	9.1x				
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	3	Cough	22	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Cefixime (Suprax)	1-4 years	0.3x				
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	27	Vomiting	23			30-44 years	12.6x				
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute otitis media	1	Irritable infant	73			5-14 years	0.0x				
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Depression	46								
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Nasal congestion	11								
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Coryza	29								
Pulling at ears	null	Pulling at ears is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Ear pain	82								
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	7	Skin rash	50	Excision (Removal)	Candesartan (Atacand)	15-29 years	1.1x	Male	0.8x	Black	1.4x
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chalazion	5	Diminished vision	17	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Ketoconazole	5-14 years	1.8x	Female	1.2x	Other	1.0x
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blepharitis	3	Focal weakness	17	Injections and aspirations of muscles; tendons; bursa; joints and soft tissue	Timolol	45-59 years	1.3x			Hispanic	1.5x
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	7	Pain in eye	21	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Tacrolimus Topical Product	1-4 years	0.7x			White	0.6x
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the skin	3	Itchy eyelid	36	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Erythromycin	30-44 years	1.4x				
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bell palsy	5	Itchiness of eye	26	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on skin and breast	Bacitracin Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.6x				
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	6	Eye redness	26	Lens and cataract procedures	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	75+ years	0.9x				
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stye	3	Abnormal appearing skin	17	Biopsy	Alclometasone Topical	60-74 years	0.8x				
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Mass on eyelid	33		Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eyelid swelling	17		Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of eye	21		Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foreign body sensation in eye	21		Azithromycin Ophthalmic						
Eyelid lesion or rash	null	Eyelid lesion or rash is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Tolmetin						
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Overflow incontinence	6	Frequent urination	7	Endoscopy and endoscopic biopsy of the urinary tract	Bethanechol	45-59 years	0.7x	Female	0.8x	Black	0.5x
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bladder obstruction	16	Involuntary urination	19	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	30-44 years	1.2x	Male	1.2x	White	0.9x
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	4	Suprapubic pain	7	Rectal examination	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	15-29 years	0.5x			Hispanic	1.2x
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bladder disorder	4	Blood in urine	21	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)	60-74 years	2.2x			Other	0.7x
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urge incontinence	8	Painful urination	39	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)	5-14 years	0.1x				
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	7	Cramps and spasms	21	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Darifenacin (Enablex)	75+ years	2.1x				
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pelvic organ prolapse	6	Unusual color or odor to urine	10	Pelvis exam	Tolterodine (Detrol)	< 1 years	0.1x				
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystitis	6	Smoking problems	4	Urinalysis	Doxazosin	1-4 years	0.1x				
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Excessive urination at night	4		Oxybutynin						
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Retention of urine	13		Psyllium						
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of the kidneys	40		Terazosin						
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Low urine output	36		Dutasteride (Avodart)						
Symptoms of bladder	null	Symptoms of bladder is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Finasteride (Propecia)						
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Strep throat	3	Fever	24	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Phenol Topical	15-29 years	1.6x	Female	1.1x	White	1.0x
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	2	Nasal congestion	9	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Penicillin	60-74 years	1.0x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	6	Chills	17	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Robitussin Ac	75+ years	0.5x			Other	0.9x
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Acute bronchitis	11	Coughing up sputum	19	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Lincomycin	30-44 years	0.1x			Black	1.0x
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Common cold	5	Swollen lymph nodes	14	Routine chest X-ray	Penicillin G Benzathine (Bicillin)	45-59 years	0.3x				
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Chronic sinusitis	5	Difficulty in swallowing	9	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx		< 1 years	3.1x				
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Otitis media	3	Coryza	48	Nebulizer therapy		5-14 years	0.2x				
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."	Acute sinusitis	50	Headache	46	Other respiratory therapy		1-4 years	1.0x				
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."			Cough	71								
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."			Ear pain	10								
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."			Frontal headache	52								
Sore throat	"Also known as Throat hurts, Pain in throat, Throat Pain, and Throat Discomfort"	"A sore throat (or throat pain) is pain or irritation of the throat. A common physical symptom, it is usually caused by acute pharyngitis (inflammation of the throat), although it can also appear as a result of trauma, diphtheria, or other conditions. A sore throat may cause mild to extreme pain."			Ache all over	73								
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Anxiety	6	Apnea	32	Electrolytes panel	Barium Sulfate	< 1 years	1.0x	Female	0.9x	Other	0.6x
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	4	Weakness	59	Intravenous fluid replacement	Dronedarone (Multaq)	30-44 years	0.0x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	1.1x
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	12	Anxiety and nervousness	28	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Quinidine	45-59 years	0.2x			Black	1.1x
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Drug reaction	11	Dizziness	32	Radiographic imaging procedure	Armodafinil (Nuvigil)	60-74 years	2.3x			White	1.2x
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Diabetes	10	Sleepiness	32	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Olopatadine Nasal	75+ years	1.8x				
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Salivary gland disorder	4	Diminished vision	32	Electrocardiogram	Bisoprolol (Emcor)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	High blood pressure	4	Fatigue	32	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Nortriptyline	5-14 years	1.3x				
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."	Hypovolemia	3	Sweating	32	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Vinorelbine (Navelbine)	15-29 years	0.3x				
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."			Thirst	32		Acetylcysteine						
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."			Headache	28		Diphenoxylate (Lomotil)						
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."			Abnormal breathing sounds	37		Gemfibrozil						
Mouth dryness	"Also known as Xerostomia, Dry Mouth, Decreased Saliva, and Hyposalivation"	"Xerostomia (also termed dry mouth or dry mouth syndrome) is the medical term for the subjective symptom of dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva or reduced salivary flow (hyposalivation) or have no identifiable cause."			Cough	32								
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Chronic back pain	16	"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	32	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	60-74 years	0.7x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.8x
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Degenerative disc disease	4	Hip pain	26	Insertion of catheter or spinal stimulator and injection into spinal canal	Oxymorphone (Opana)	1-4 years	1.5x	Male	1.0x	Black	1.0x
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Sprain or strain	4	Lower body pain	10	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Pentazocine (Talwin)	30-44 years	1.0x			White	0.9x
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Chronic pain disorder	8	Low back cramps or spasms	1	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Iohexol (Omnipaque)	5-14 years	0.0x			Hispanic	1.1x
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Herniated disk	4	Low back stiffness or tightness	2	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Cyclobenzaprine	75+ years	1.0x				
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Spondylosis	7	Leg pain	24	Radiographic imaging procedure	Carisoprodol (Soma)	< 1 years	0.1x				
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Spinal stenosis	27	Neck pain	1	Urinalysis	Rofecoxib (Vioxx)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."	Lumbago	15	Pain during pregnancy	54	Standard pregnancy test	Mepivacaine (Carbocaine)	15-29 years	1.5x				
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."						Orphenadrine (Flexon)						
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."						Methocarbamol						
Low back pain	Also known as Lower back pain and Lumbar Pain	"Low back pain or lumbago /l_m_be__o_/ is a common disorder involving the muscles and bones of the back. It affects about 40% of people at some point in their lives. Low back pain (often abbreviated as LBP) may be classified by duration as acute (pain lasting less than 6 weeks), sub-chronic (6 to 12 weeks), or chronic (more than 12 weeks). The condition may be further classified by the underlying cause as either mechanical, non-mechanical, or referred pain."						Diclofenac Topical Product						
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Skin disorder	5	Skin rash	31	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Tazarotene Topical	75+ years	1.0x	Male	1.1x	Other	0.8x
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Skin polyp	6	Itching of skin	25	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Betamethasone-Calcipotriene Topical	60-74 years	0.9x	Female	0.9x	Black	0.9x
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Actinic keratosis	6	Hand or finger swelling	41	Excision of skin lesion	Oxacillin	15-29 years	1.2x			Hispanic	0.6x
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Pyogenic skin infection	22	Peripheral edema	13	Culture wound	Tacrolimus Topical Product	45-59 years	1.3x			White	1.2x
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Contact dermatitis	3	Foot or toe swelling	23	Blood culture	Colloidal Oatmeal Topical	1-4 years	1.2x				
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Skin pigmentation disorder	6	Skin moles	21	Wound care management	Econazole Topical	30-44 years	0.7x				
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Seborrheic keratosis	9	Skin lesion	20	Excision (Removal)	Hydroquinone Topical	< 1 years	1.0x				
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."	Skin cancer	5	Leg swelling	40	Biopsy	Dicloxacillin	5-14 years	1.3x				
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."			Leg pain	29		Podophyllum Resin Topical						
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."			Arm swelling	26		Azelaic Acid Topical						
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."			Skin swelling	26		Sodium Sulfacetamide-Sulfur Topical						
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."			"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	24		Fluorouracil Topical						
Abnormal appearing skin	"Also known as Birthmarks, Skin blotches, Freckles, Skin redness, Spots on skin, and Discoloration Of Skin"	"""Birthmarks"" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninetieth episode overall. It aired on October 14, 2008."						Retapamulin Topical						
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Vaginal cyst	4	Involuntary urination	12	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Ascorbic Acid	1-4 years	0.0x	Female	0.0x	White	1.4x
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Obesity	6	Lump or mass of breast	12	Pelvis exam	Black Cohosh Extract (Black Cohosh)	60-74 years	0.1x	Male	1.7x	Other	0.8x
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Endometrial hyperplasia	5	Mass on vulva	21	Mammography (Mammogram)	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	75+ years	2.6x			Black	1.1x
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Uterine fibroids	6	Pelvic pain	12	Other diagnostic procedures; female organs	Thiopental (Pentothal)	45-59 years	0.0x			Hispanic	0.8x
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Vulvodynia	3			Biopsy	Nitrous Oxide	< 1 years	1.3x				
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Uterine cancer	4			Rectal examination	Propofol	15-29 years	0.0x				
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Cervical disorder	7			Examination of breast	Estradiol	30-44 years	2.2x				
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Endometrial cancer	53			Radiographic imaging procedure	Midazolam (Versed)	5-14 years	0.1x				
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."						Olmesartan (Benicar)						
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."						Hydrocortisone-Pramoxine Topical						
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."						Travoprost (Travatan)						
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."						Medroxyprogesterone						
Vaginal bleeding after menopause	Also known as Postmenopausal Bleeding	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."						Indapamide						
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Common cold	12	Decreased appetite	37	Arterial blood gases (ABGs)	Cefdinir	1-4 years	1.3x	Female	0.9x	Other	0.8x
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Anxiety	8	Anxiety and nervousness	26	Blood culture	Cefixime (Suprax)	15-29 years	1.4x	Male	1.2x	Hispanic	0.9x
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Schizophrenia	12	Cough	30	Toxicology screen	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	< 1 years	0.7x			Black	1.0x
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Bipolar disorder	12	Insomnia	55	Blood alcohol	Guanfacine (Intuniv)	45-59 years	0.1x			White	1.2x
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Psychotic disorder	13	Fever	27	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Perphenazine	60-74 years	0.2x				
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Depression	5	Fatigue	40	Psychotherapy	Melatonin	75+ years	0.6x				
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	5	Hostile behavior	39	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Clozapine	30-44 years	6.8x				
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.	Otitis media	5	Excessive anger	30	Mental health counseling	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	5-14 years	0.6x				
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.			Depression	33		Chlorpromazine (Thorazine)						
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.			Nasal congestion	57		Reserpine (Hhr)						
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.			Pulling at ears	29		Fluphenazine (Prolixin)						
Temper problems	"Also known as Fussy, Irritability, Losing temper, Temper tantrums, Fussy infant, and Tantrums"	Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France.			Depressive or psychotic symptoms	68		Lithium (Li)						
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Acute bronchitis	8	Lump in throat	10	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Benzonatate	75+ years	0.5x	Female	1.4x	Other	1.1x
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Pneumonia	15	Coughing up sputum	10	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Codeine	1-4 years	0.5x	Male	0.7x	Black	0.8x
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Smoking or tobacco addiction	2	Cough	29	Radiographic imaging procedure	Megestrol (Megace)	60-74 years	0.2x			Hispanic	1.0x
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Chronic sinusitis	2	Nosebleed	21	Electrolytes panel	Methamphetamine	5-14 years	1.2x			White	1.1x
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Lung cancer	2	Sore throat	13	Intravenous fluid replacement	Robitussin Ac	< 1 years	0.9x				
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	8	Fever	8	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Magnesium Sulfate	45-59 years	1.5x				
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	11	Rib pain	31	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Voriconazole	30-44 years	1.0x				
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."	Common cold	2	Blood in stool	45	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Clarithromycin	15-29 years	1.3x				
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."			Sharp chest pain	44		Ursodiol (Urso)						
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."			Feeling ill	8		Robitussin Dm						
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."			Congestion in chest	52								
Hemoptysis	"Also known as Hemoptysis, Coughing Up Blood, Blood Streaked Sputum, and Spitting Up Blood"	"Hemoptysis or haemoptysis /h__m_pt_s_s/ is the expectoration (coughing up) of blood or of blood-stained sputum from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs (e.g., in tuberculosis or other respiratory infections or cardiovascular pathologies)."			Shortness of breath	29								
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Testicular disorder	3	Smoking problems	12	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Sildenafil (Viagra)	5-14 years	0.2x	Female	0.0x	Black	1.0x
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Prostatitis	7	Excessive urination at night	5	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Tadalafil (Cialis)	30-44 years	0.0x	Male	2.4x	Hispanic	0.8x
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Bladder obstruction	3	Loss of sex drive	17	Rectal examination	Vardenafil (Levitra)	75+ years	0.5x			White	0.9x
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	16	Frequent urination	22	Urinalysis	Alprostadil (Muse)	45-59 years	0.9x			Other	1.0x
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Prostate cancer	6	Low urine output	32	Lipid panel	Chlorthalidone	15-29 years	0.0x				
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	High blood pressure	65	Premature ejaculation	8	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Erectile dysfunction	11	Symptoms of prostate	5	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Cholecalciferol	60-74 years	2.5x				
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.	Psychosexual disorder	3	Retention of urine	8	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Testosterone	< 1 years	1.9x				
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.			Blood in urine	26		Miglitol (Glyset)						
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.			Symptoms of the scrotum and testes	19								
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.			Pain in testicles	10								
Impotence	Also known as Can't get an erection	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual performance.			Involuntary urination	15								
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Carpal tunnel syndrome	7	Low back pain	16	Electrolytes panel	Silver Protein Mild Topical	< 1 years	0.7x	Female	1.1x	Other	1.1x
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Chronic back pain	4	Itching of skin	29	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Estrone (Estrogenic)	1-4 years	0.3x	Male	0.9x	White	0.8x
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Lumbago	3	Loss of sensation	33	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Vitamin A	60-74 years	0.0x			Black	0.7x
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Peripheral nerve disorder	3	Abnormal involuntary movements	73	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Urofollitropin (Bravelle)	30-44 years	0.0x			Hispanic	1.1x
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Mononeuritis	3	Leg pain	31	Electrocardiogram	Betamethasone	75+ years	1.5x				
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Anxiety	5	Arm pain	16	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Tiagabine (Gabitril)	15-29 years	1.3x				
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Sprain or strain	3	Headache	27	Radiographic imaging procedure	Flurbiprofen	45-59 years	1.0x				
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."	Complex regional pain syndrome	3	Back pain	12	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Iron Carbonyl (Icar)	5-14 years	1.3x				
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."			Problems with movement	27		Reteplase						
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."			Dizziness	28		Tapentadol (Nucynta)						
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."			Neck pain	26		Denileukin Diftitox (Ontak)						
Paresthesia	"Also known as Burning feeling, Burning sensation, Prickly feeling, Stinging feeling, Abnormal sensations, Tingling sensation, and Feeling of pins and needles"	"Paresthesia (/_pr_s__i_zi_/ or /_pr_s__i___/), is a sensation of tingling, tickling, prickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect. The manifestation of a paresthesia may be transient or chronic."			Sharp chest pain	26		Estazolam						
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic kidney disease	3	Cough	34	Electrolytes panel	Sulfasalazine	30-44 years	1.9x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.3x
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypothyroidism	4	Vomiting	44	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Bivalirudin	15-29 years	1.0x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.1x
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	4	Abnormal involuntary movements	28	Electrocardiogram	Tetrahydrocannabinol (Marinol)	75+ years	0.0x			Hispanic	0.7x
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	4	Fatigue	28	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Mesalamine (Asacol)	< 1 years	1.4x			White	1.4x
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	3	Poor circulation	34	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Cefepime	5-14 years	0.3x				
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	5	Feeling ill	28	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Etanercept (Enbrel)	45-59 years	0.8x				
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anemia	4	Dizziness	28	Intravenous fluid replacement	Tamoxifen	1-4 years	0.8x				
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Peripheral arterial disease	6	Ache all over	34	Urinalysis	Acetazolamide (Diamox)	60-74 years	1.1x				
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Depressive or psychotic symptoms	48		Amantadine						
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Loss of sensation	28								
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fever	34								
Feeling cold	null	Feeling cold is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fainting	48								
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hemorrhoids	2	Lower abdominal pain	29	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Camphor-Menthol Topical	5-14 years	0.9x	Female	1.1x	White	1.5x
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	4	Burning abdominal pain	62	Electrolytes panel	Plasma Protein Fraction (Plasmanate)	15-29 years	0.5x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	3	Dizziness	51	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Glycerin (Fleet)	45-59 years	3.2x			Other	1.0x
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	22	Constipation	41	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	75+ years	2.2x			Black	0.8x
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastritis	3	Rectal bleeding	22	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Simethicone (Degas)	30-44 years	1.3x				
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	4	Vomiting	29	Intravenous fluid replacement	Meropenem	< 1 years	1.5x				
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroduodenal ulcer	3	Blood in stool	22	Urinalysis	Cefpodoxime	1-4 years	0.6x				
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anemia	11	Sharp abdominal pain	44	Electrocardiogram	Pantoprazole	60-74 years	0.3x				
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Nausea	29		Dronedarone (Multaq)						
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vomiting blood	29		Diatrizoate						
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diarrhea	24		Ceftizoxime						
Changes in stool appearance	"Also known as Bulky stools, Narrow stools, Change in stool odor, Change in stool color, and Abnormal Feces"	Changes in stool appearance is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Weakness	19		Octreotide						
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Subconjunctival hemorrhage	4	Itchiness of eye	18	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.8x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.1x
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Stye	3	Headache	7	Lens and cataract procedures	Fluorescein Ophthalmic	< 1 years	1.1x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	0.9x
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Cataract	4	Symptoms of eye	62	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	75+ years	0.8x			Black	0.9x
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	4	Spots or clouds in vision	16	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	60-74 years	0.3x			White	1.3x
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Foreign body in the eye	4	White discharge from eye	36	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Tetracaine (One Touch)	30-44 years	0.6x				
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Cornea infection	15	Eye burns or stings	25	Other extraocular muscle and orbit therapeutic procedures	Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	15-29 years	1.2x				
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Conjunctivitis	12	Eye redness	12	Diagnostic procedures on eye	Tobramycin Ophthalmic	45-59 years	1.3x				
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."	Corneal abrasion	3	Diminished vision	10	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	1-4 years	0.9x				
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."			Swollen eye	10		Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."			Foreign body sensation in eye	16		Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."			Lacrimation	39		Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."			Facial pain	41		Erythromycin						
Pain in eye	"Also known as Irritation of eye, Eye Pain, Ocular Pain, and Eye Ache"	"A dull or sharp painful sensation associated with the outer or inner structures of the eyeball, having different causes."						Moxifloxacin (Avelox)						
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	7	Coughing up sputum	58	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	5-14 years	0.3x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	0.6x
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	18	Nasal congestion	77	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Benzonatate	30-44 years	0.7x	Female	1.0x	Black	0.7x
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	5	Fever	8	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Cefuroxime	45-59 years	1.7x			Other	1.2x
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute bronchitis	4	Sore throat	39	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Clarithromycin	60-74 years	0.8x			White	0.5x
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	8	Chills	43	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Oxymetazoline Nasal	15-29 years	0.3x				
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	19	Ear pain	21	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	75+ years	0.3x				
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute sinusitis	9	Congestion in chest	13	Other respiratory therapy		1-4 years	0.9x				
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	33	Facial pain	42	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy		< 1 years	1.4x				
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frontal headache	31								
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Headache	33								
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sneezing	24								
Sinus congestion	null	Sinus congestion is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cough	54								
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Nausea	17	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Sucralfate (Carafate)	60-74 years	0.8x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Esophagitis	5	Regurgitation	45	Electrolytes panel	Dexlansoprazole (Dexilant)	1-4 years	0.3x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.2x
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Gastritis	8	Flatulence	17	Electrocardiogram	Esomeprazole (Nexium)	30-44 years	1.4x			White	0.9x
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Hyperlipidemia	2	Stomach bloating	12	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Anthralin Topical	15-29 years	0.2x			Other	1.0x
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Coronary atherosclerosis	8	Difficulty in swallowing	27	Intravenous fluid replacement	Propantheline	5-14 years	1.1x				
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	High blood pressure	3	Sharp chest pain	24	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	45-59 years	0.1x				
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Anemia	2	Burning abdominal pain	14	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Meclofenamate	75+ years	1.3x				
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."	Indigestion	33	Sharp abdominal pain	21	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Metocurine	< 1 years	1.2x				
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."			Vomiting	48								
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."			Diarrhea	21								
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."			Upper abdominal pain	44								
Heartburn	"Also known as Excessive belching, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, and Pyrosis"	"Heartburn, also known as pyrosis,cardialgia, or acid indigestion is a burning sensation in the chest, just behind the breastbone or in the epigastrium, the upper central abdomen. The pain often rises in the chest and may radiate to the neck, throat, or angle of the jaw."			Problems during pregnancy	30								
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	27	Drainage in throat	20	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Cefprozil	30-44 years	0.0x	Male	1.0x	White	1.1x
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Otitis media	3	Fever	11	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Ropivacaine	15-29 years	0.2x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Tonsillitis	7	Hoarse voice	17	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Clarithromycin	5-14 years	3.6x			Black	0.9x
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Strep throat	2	Decreased appetite	11	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Desflurane	45-59 years	0.1x			Other	1.5x
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Peritonsillar abscess	3	Abnormal breathing sounds	14	Excision (Removal)	Dihydroergotamine	75+ years	0.5x				
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	20	Throat feels tight	14	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Mivacurium	1-4 years	3.6x				
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Tonsillar hypertrophy	5	Sore throat	47	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Cefditoren (Spectracef)	< 1 years	0.2x				
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils		Common cold	11	Difficulty in swallowing	28	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Clavulanate (Augmentin)	60-74 years	1.6x				
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils				Lymphedema	34		Gadoteridol (Prohance)						
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils				Apnea	67		Benzoyl Peroxide-Sulfur Topical						
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils				Redness in ear	23		Retapamulin Topical						
Swollen or red tonsils	Also known as Inflammed tonsils				Diminished hearing	14		Ofloxacin						
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Asthma	12	Wheezing	7	Electrocardiogram	Poractant	60-74 years	0.6x	Female	0.9x	Black	0.8x
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Heart failure	6	Abnormal breathing sounds	25	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Ceftazidime	5-14 years	1.5x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.0x
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Common cold	5	Cough	31	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ipratropium	45-59 years	0.9x			Hispanic	0.9x
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Croup	3	Sleepiness	10	Intravenous fluid replacement	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	15-29 years	2.7x			White	1.0x
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Pneumonia	7	Palpitations	10	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Combivent	1-4 years	1.6x				
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	2	Shortness of breath	28	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Prednisolone	75+ years	0.7x				
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Acute bronchitis	17	Coughing up sputum	39	Radiographic imaging procedure	Vecuronium	< 1 years	0.8x				
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	7	Sharp chest pain	32	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Norepinephrine	30-44 years	1.1x				
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."			Apnea	14		Dopamine						
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."			Fever	60		Cefepime						
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."			Nasal congestion	32		Cefotaxime						
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."			Chest tightness	43		Methacholine						
Difficulty breathing	"Also known as Breathing stopped, Can't breathe, Labored breathing, Heavy breathing, Respiratory distress, Trouble breathing, Dyspnea On Exertion, and Exertional Dyspnea"	"Respiratory distress is a medical term that refers to both difficulty in breathing, and to the psychological experience associated with such difficulty, even if there is no physiological basis for experiencing such distress. The physical presentation of respiratory distress is generally referred to as labored breathing, while the sensation of respiratory distress is called shortness of breath or dyspnea. Respiratory distress occurs in connection with various physical ailments, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, a serious reaction to various forms of injuries to the lung, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs."						Phenylephrine Nasal						
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Stroke	2	Sharp chest pain	53	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Esmolol	5-14 years	1.8x	Female	1.1x	Other	1.1x
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Anxiety	3	Fainting	10	Electrolytes panel	Monobenzone Topical	15-29 years	0.9x	Male	0.9x	White	1.0x
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Migraine	2	Headache	29	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Maprotiline	60-74 years	1.0x			Black	0.9x
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	High blood pressure	2	Problems with movement	35	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Protamines (Protamine)	1-4 years	1.2x			Hispanic	0.9x
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Hypovolemia	9	Shortness of breath	34	Radiographic imaging procedure	Meclizine	45-59 years	0.1x				
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Chronic sinusitis	2	Nausea	8	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Iopromide (Ultravist)	75+ years	0.4x				
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Labyrinthitis	2	Weakness	10	Intravenous fluid replacement	Dobutamine	30-44 years	1.4x				
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."	Benign paroxysmal positional vertical (BPPV)	2	Palpitations	14	Electrocardiogram	Magnesium Lactate	< 1 years	0.0x				
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."			Ringing in ear	39		Mitotane						
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."			Vomiting	44		Gadoteridol (Prohance)						
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."			Abnormal involuntary movements	58		Cyclizine						
Dizziness	"Also known as Sensation of falling, Vertigo, Lightheadedness, Room seems like it is spinning, Loss of sense of equilibrium or balance, and Dizzy"	"Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability. Because the term dizziness is imprecise, it can refer to vertigo, presyncope, disequilibrium, or a non-specific feeling such as giddiness or foolishness."			Irregular heartbeat	10		Formaldehyde Topical						
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nerve impingement near the shoulder	12	Hip pain	10	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Bupivacaine	< 1 years	1.1x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the shoulder	5	Lower body pain	17	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Allopurinol	5-14 years	0.9x	Male	1.1x	White	0.6x
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rotator cuff injury	6	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	35	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Mepivacaine (Carbocaine)	45-59 years	0.0x			Other	1.7x
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	14	Neck stiffness or tightness	10	Other therapeutic procedures	Triamcinolone Topical Product	60-74 years	0.5x			Black	1.0x
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	11	Elbow pain	93	Radiographic imaging procedure	Celecoxib (Celebrex)	15-29 years	0.2x				
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	17	Joint pain	24	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Carisoprodol (Soma)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder	7	Shoulder weakness	10	Application of splint (Splinting)	Cortisone	75+ years	1.7x				
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	15	Abnormal involuntary movements	10	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on musculoskeletal system	Meloxicam	30-44 years	1.9x				
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shoulder swelling	10		Ascorbic Acid						
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shoulder pain	17		Flunisolide Nasal						
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Paresthesia	10		Famciclovir						
Shoulder stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Shoulder	Shoulder stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Ankle stiffness or tightness	10								
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Paronychia	8	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	13	Wound care management	Nystatin	15-29 years	1.1x	Male	0.8x	Other	0.8x
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	18	Abnormal appearing skin	13	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Aluminum Sulfate-Calcium Acetate Topical	5-14 years	0.3x	Female	1.3x	Black	0.9x
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	3	Skin irritation	17	Incision and drainage (I d)	Floxuridine	75+ years	0.7x			Hispanic	1.2x
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Neck swelling	14	Suturing of wound	Methyl Salicylate Topical	45-59 years	1.2x			White	1.0x
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the finger	11	Arm swelling	14	Application of splint (Splinting)	Oxacillin	< 1 years	0.9x				
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the hand	3	Elbow swelling	2	Culture wound	Phentolamine	1-4 years	1.4x				
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	7	Skin on arm or hand looks infected	13	Radiographic imaging procedure	Betamethasone	30-44 years	0.7x				
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the finger	7	Wrist swelling	2	Blood culture	Calamine-Pramoxine Topical	60-74 years	1.1x				
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foot or toe swelling	85								
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger pain	3								
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Wrist pain	14								
Hand or finger swelling	Also known as Hand Swelling and Swelling Of Hands	Hand or finger swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itching of skin	50								
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	49	Blood clots during menstrual periods	10	Mammography (Mammogram)	Levonorgestrel	75+ years	0.0x	Female	1.7x	Hispanic	1.1x
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Vulvodynia	3	Unpredictable menstruation	8	Standard pregnancy test	Portia	15-29 years	2.7x	Male	0.0x	Other	1.5x
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	11	Recent pregnancy	25	Examination of breast	Sevoflurane	5-14 years	1.3x			White	1.3x
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Iron deficiency anemia	7	Cramps and spasms	3	Pelvis exam	Nitrous Oxide	1-4 years	0.0x			Black	0.8x
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Vaginal cyst	3	Painful menstruation	31	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Medroxyprogesterone	30-44 years	0.0x				
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Uterine fibroids	10	Vaginal discharge	20	Biopsy	Norethindrone (Loestrin Fe)	60-74 years	0.0x				
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Anemia	8	Intermenstrual bleeding	12	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Modicon	< 1 years	1.1x				
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	3	Long menstrual periods	3	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Ortho Cyclen	45-59 years	0.4x				
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."			Pelvic pain	5								
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."			Frequent menstruation	39								
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."			Arm lump or mass	5								
Heavy menstrual flow	"Also known as Menorrhagia, Hypermenorrhea, Excessive Menstrual Flow, Excessive Menstruation, and Heavy Periods"	"Menorrhagia or Hematomunia is an abnormally heavy and prolonged menstrual period at regular intervals. Menorrhagia can be caused by abnormal blood clotting, disruption of normal hormonal regulation of periods, or disorders of the endometrial lining of the uterus. Depending upon the cause, it may be associated with abnormally painful periods (dysmenorrhea)."			Pain during intercourse	54								
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Balanitis	5	Warts	38	HIV screen (Hiv test)	Azelastine Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.5x	Female	2.4x	Hispanic	1.4x
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Phimosis	4	Penile discharge	6	Chlamydia test	Nitrous Oxide	60-74 years	1.1x	Male	0.0x	Other	1.3x
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney stone	6	Sharp abdominal pain	54	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Lidocaine-Prilocaine Topical	45-59 years	3.2x			White	1.3x
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Atrophy of the corpus cavernosum	10	Retention of urine	6	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Pentoxifylline	1-4 years	1.2x			Black	0.8x
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	5	Frequent urination	47	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Quinidine	15-29 years	0.7x				
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urethritis	4	Painful urination	27	Urinalysis	Famciclovir	< 1 years	0.6x				
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Priapism	10	Penis redness	38	Culture wound	Dutasteride (Avodart)	30-44 years	1.1x				
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Prostatitis	4	Bumps on penis	15	Nonoperative urinary system measurements	Rofecoxib (Vioxx)	75+ years	0.6x				
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Blood in urine	33		Petrolatum Topical						
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Polyuria	23		Clove						
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Paresthesia	11								
Penis pain	Also known as Penis tenderness and Penile Pain	Penis pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in testicles	11								
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to virus	4	Swollen eye	21	Referral to home health care service	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	1-4 years	0.9x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	2.2x
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	14	Lacrimation	43	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Naphazoline Ophthalmic	30-44 years	1.8x	Male	0.9x	Black	1.2x
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dry eye of unknown cause	4	Cough	58	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	60-74 years	1.1x			Other	1.2x
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	16	Allergic reaction	37	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Ketotifen Ophthalmic	45-59 years	1.0x			White	0.8x
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	5	Sneezing	38	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Azelastine Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.7x				
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	7	White discharge from eye	25	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.8x				
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	20	Pain in eye	34	Diagnostic procedures on eye	Erythromycin	15-29 years	0.9x				
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blepharitis	7	Eye redness	51	Lens and cataract procedures	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.1x				
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diminished vision	79		Gentamicin Ophthalmic						
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of eye	43		Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic						
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Nasal congestion	28		Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eye burns or stings	44		Tropicamide Ophthalmic						
Itchiness of eye	Also known as Itchy eye	Itchiness of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute kidney injury	13	Involuntary urination	16	Lipid panel	Tacrolimus (Prograf)	1-4 years	0.5x	Female	1.2x	White	0.9x
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension	5	Tongue lesions	20	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	"Ferric Oxide, Saccharated (Venofer)"	30-44 years	1.2x	Male	0.8x	Black	0.9x
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	21	Symptoms of bladder	11	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Cyclosporine	75+ years	0.3x			Other	0.3x
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Primary kidney disease	10	Upper abdominal pain	6	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Sevelamer (Renvela)	15-29 years	1.7x			Hispanic	1.5x
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney failure	9	Back pain	20	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Dutasteride (Avodart)	45-59 years	1.8x				
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	High blood pressure	11	Retention of urine	6	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Calcitriol	5-14 years	0.6x				
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic kidney disease	14	Blood in urine	6	Electrolytes panel	Ropinirole	60-74 years	0.7x				
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetes	9	Suprapubic pain	16	Urinalysis	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	< 1 years	0.7x				
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Side pain	11		Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)						
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Unusual color or odor to urine	11								
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fluid retention	16								
Symptoms of the kidneys	null	Symptoms of the kidneys is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin on leg or foot looks infected	31								
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Spinal stenosis	4	Symptoms of the face	51	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Rotigotine (Neupro)	45-59 years	0.0x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Stroke	3	Neck pain	26	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Methyltestosterone (Android)	5-14 years	0.1x	Male	1.0x	Other	0.8x
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Carpal tunnel syndrome	3	Sharp chest pain	37	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Gadopentetate Dimeglumine (Magnevist)	75+ years	1.7x			Black	0.9x
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Mononeuritis	3	Paresthesia	24	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Amprenavir	60-74 years	0.9x			White	1.1x
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Peripheral nerve disorder	10	Low back pain	27	Radiographic imaging procedure	Medrysone Ophthalmic	1-4 years	1.2x				
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Transient ischemic attack	4	Arm pain	45	Electrocardiogram	Quinacrine	< 1 years	0.7x				
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Complex regional pain syndrome	4	Headache	31	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Trifluoperazine (Stelazine)	30-44 years	0.0x				
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."	Chronic back pain	4	Leg pain	24	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Dextran 1	15-29 years	1.4x				
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."			Dizziness	28		Rifabutin						
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."			Focal weakness	32		Lyme Disease Vaccine						
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."			Back pain	15		Calcifediol						
Loss of sensation	"Also known as Numbness, Loss of feeling, and Anesthesia"	"Hypoesthesia (or hypesthesia) refers to a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli. In everyday speech this is sometimes referred to as ""numbness""."			Hand or finger pain	34								
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Rectal disorder	5	Sharp abdominal pain	36	Intravenous fluid replacement	Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)	5-14 years	3.1x	Female	1.2x	White	0.6x
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Diverticulosis	4	Pain of the anus	14	Radiographic imaging procedure	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	15-29 years	2.0x	Male	0.8x	Black	1.1x
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	45	Unusual color or odor to urine	28	Electrocardiogram	Dextran 1	1-4 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.1x
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Hemorrhoids	6	Weakness	40	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dipivefrin Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.2x			Other	0.9x
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Hypovolemia	4	Rectal bleeding	5	Electrolytes panel	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	75+ years	0.3x				
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Gastroduodenal ulcer	4	Upper abdominal pain	5	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Sodium Polystyrene Sulfonate (Kayexalate)	< 1 years	0.2x				
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Anemia	6	Cramps and spasms	5	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Octreotide	60-74 years	0.0x				
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."	Gastritis	3	Vomiting blood	5	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Sodium Phosphate	30-44 years	0.7x				
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."			Blood in stool	14		Peri-Colace						
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."			Changes in stool appearance	30		Pantoprazole						
Melena	Also known as Dark stool and Black tarry stool	"In medicine, melena or mel쬹a refers to the black, ""tarry"" feces that are associated with gastrointestinal hemorrhage. The black color is caused by oxidation of the iron in hemoglobin during its passage through the ileum and colon."			Regurgitation	18		Flumazenil						
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.	Threatened pregnancy	38	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	32	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Cefoxitin	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.7x	White	1.6x
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.	Premature rupture of amniotic membrane	2	Low back cramps or spasms	17	Intravenous fluid replacement	Benzocaine Topical	15-29 years	0.0x	Female	0.0x	Black	0.5x
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.	Preeclampsia	2	Sharp abdominal pain	9	Complete blood count (Cbc)	"Multivitamin, Prenatal"	< 1 years	0.0x			Other	2.0x
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.	Problem during pregnancy	22	Pelvic pain	44	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Terconazole Topical	30-44 years	3.4x			Hispanic	2.3x
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.	Pregnancy	1	Pelvic pressure	62	Electrolytes panel	Methyldopa	1-4 years	1.8x				
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.	Gestational diabetes	1	Throat redness	21	Urinalysis	Dibucaine Topical	45-59 years	0.0x				
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.			Pain during pregnancy	1	Arterial blood gases (ABGs)	Oxytocin	5-14 years	0.1x				
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.			Lower abdominal pain	8	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Rubella Virus Vaccine	75+ years	0.0x				
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.			Problems during pregnancy	1		Ampicillin						
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.						Docusate (Colace)						
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.						Terbutaline						
Uterine contractions	"Also known as Labor pain, Labor contractions, and Myometrial Contraction"	A uterine contraction is a muscle contraction of the uterine smooth muscle.						Butorphanol (Stadol)						
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Otitis media	30	Sore throat	32	Other respiratory therapy	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	75+ years	2.0x	Female	1.1x	Other	0.9x
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Pneumonia	7	Headache	38	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Dextromethorphan (Duramax)	5-14 years	3.5x	Male	0.9x	White	1.0x
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	6	Congestion in chest	31	Diagnostic bronchoscopy and biopsy of bronchus	Robitussin Ac	60-74 years	0.7x			Black	1.3x
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Acute bronchitis	13	Difficulty breathing	26	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	1-4 years	0.6x			Hispanic	1.2x
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	6	Vomiting	21	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Azithromycin	45-59 years	0.6x				
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Common cold	10	Sharp chest pain	74	Blood culture	Benzonatate	15-29 years	3.1x				
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Asthma	3	Wheezing	27	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Prednisolone	30-44 years	0.5x				
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Chronic sinusitis	8	Ear pain	26	Nebulizer therapy	Robitussin Dm	< 1 years	0.6x				
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Coryza	55								
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Shortness of breath	74								
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Nasal congestion	31								
Cough	Also known as Harsh cough and Chronic cough	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Fever	16								
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	3	Decreased heart rate	5	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Midodrine	5-14 years	1.0x	Male	1.0x	White	0.7x
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Head injury	2	Increased heart rate	30	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Isoproterenol	< 1 years	2.3x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.1x
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Coronary atherosclerosis	2	Feeling hot	2	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Potassium Bicarbonate	75+ years	1.1x			Other	1.0x
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Sinus bradycardia	5	Dizziness	25	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Magnesium Amino Acid Chelate	60-74 years	0.9x			Black	0.9x
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Epilepsy	2	Headache	2	Intravenous fluid replacement	Fludrocortisone	15-29 years	0.9x				
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Alcohol abuse	1	Sweating	38	Radiographic imaging procedure	Levocabastine Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.2x				
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Anemia	2	Changes in stool appearance	2	Electrocardiogram	Dalteparin (Fragmin)	30-44 years	0.1x				
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."	Hypovolemia	2	Irregular heartbeat	57	Electrolytes panel	Protriptyline	1-4 years	0.8x				
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."			Weakness	4		Aminophylline						
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."			Sharp chest pain	5		Acellular Pertussis Vaccine (Adacel)						
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."			Nausea	27		Milrinone						
Fainting	"Also known as Syncope, Falling out, Blacking out, Fainting spells, Passing out, and Swooning"	"Syncope (/_s__k_pi/ SING-k_-pee), the medical term for fainting or passing out, is precisely defined as a transient loss of consciousness and postural tone, characterized by rapid onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery, due to global cerebral hypoperfusion (low blood flow to the brain) that most often results from hypotension (low blood pressure). This definition of syncope differs from others by including the cause of unconsciousness, i.e. transient global cerebral hypoperfusion. Without that addition, the definition of syncope would include disorders such as epileptic seizures, concussion or cerebrovascular accident and syncope is distinguished from coma, which can include persistent states of unconsciousness. This confusion still occurs in some literature."			Slurring words	4		Tranexamic Acid						
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Gout	3	Knee swelling	5	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Tazarotene Topical	45-59 years	1.3x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	1.0x
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Injury of the ankle	5	Ankle stiffness or tightness	88	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Yellow Fever Vaccine	75+ years	0.1x	Female	0.9x	Black	0.8x
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Fracture of the ankle	5	Skin irritation	5	Traction; splints; and other wound care	Factor Ix Complex (Obsolete)	60-74 years	0.5x			White	0.9x
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Pyogenic skin infection	37	Ankle weakness	24	Examination of foot	Didanosine (Videx)	15-29 years	1.1x			Other	1.1x
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Joint effusion	2	Leg swelling	9	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Oxymorphone (Opana)	5-14 years	1.2x				
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Bruise	11	Problems with movement	4	Application of splint (Splinting)	Calamine Topical	30-44 years	0.9x				
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Osteoarthritis	2	Neck swelling	5	Radiographic imaging procedure	Tetrahydrocannabinol (Marinol)	< 1 years	0.7x				
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Sprain or strain	6	Abnormal appearing skin	37	Orthopedic casting	Dalteparin (Fragmin)	1-4 years	1.2x				
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Lymphedema	2		Dexamethasone Ophthalmic						
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Foot or toe swelling	18		Iothalamate						
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Skin on leg or foot looks infected	13								
Ankle swelling	Also known as Ankle Edema and Swollen Ankle	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Ankle pain	2								
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Anxiety	13	Peripheral edema	57	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	L-Methylfolate	30-44 years	1.7x	Female	1.0x	Black	1.1x
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Atrial fibrillation	3	Sweating	66	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	"Albumin Human, Usp (Albutein)"	15-29 years	2.3x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Pneumonia	10	Palpitations	11	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Combivent	45-59 years	1.1x			Other	0.7x
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	15	Wheezing	29	Radiographic imaging procedure	Piperacillin (Zosyn)	1-4 years	0.3x			White	1.0x
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Coronary atherosclerosis	2	Irregular heartbeat	6	Electrocardiogram	Dobutamine	75+ years	0.5x				
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Heart failure	2	Coughing up sputum	21	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Regadenoson (Lexiscan)	60-74 years	0.8x				
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Acute bronchitis	2	Cough	27	Electrolytes panel	Nesiritide	< 1 years	0.3x				
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."	Asthma	7	Chest tightness	13	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Eptifibatide (Integrilin)	5-14 years	0.4x				
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."			Dizziness	13		Oxygen						
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."			Hurts to breath	6		Colistimethate						
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."			Weakness	8		Norepinephrine						
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."			Sharp chest pain	28		Ipratropium						
Shortness of breath	"Also known as Breathlessness, Out of breath, Sensation of suffocation, and Dyspnea"	"Dyspnea (/d_sp_ni__/ disp-NEE-_; also dyspnoea; Latin: dyspnoea; Greek: _______, d_spnoia), shortness of breath (SOB), or air hunger, is the subjective symptom of breathlessness."						Bee Pollen						
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Multiple sclerosis	2	Abnormal involuntary movements	5	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	60-74 years	0.7x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Bell palsy	16	Symptoms of eye	7	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Acyclovir	15-29 years	0.0x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.7x
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Stroke	2	Symptoms of the face	22	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ramelteon (Rozerem)	75+ years	2.9x			Other	1.2x
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Migraine	10	Disturbance of memory	56	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Lyme Disease Vaccine	30-44 years	1.7x			White	0.9x
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Intracerebral hemorrhage	27	Loss of sensation	9	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Famciclovir	45-59 years	0.2x				
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Epilepsy	2	Weakness	20	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Fosphenytoin	5-14 years	0.1x				
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Transient ischemic attack	2	Headache	41	Radiographic imaging procedure	Hypromellose (Genteal)	1-4 years	0.3x				
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."	Hemiplegia	2	Problems with movement	13	Electrocardiogram	Bethanechol	< 1 years	1.3x				
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."			Difficulty speaking	33		Dextran 1						
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."			Slurring words	24		Pyridostigmine (Mestinon)						
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."			Arm weakness	9		Alteplase						
Focal weakness	"Also known as Facial drooping, Weakness on one side of body, Face weakness, and Focal weakness"	"A general term referring to a mild to moderate degree of muscular weakness, occasionally used as a synonym for PARALYSIS (severe or complete loss of motor function). In the older literature, paresis often referred specifically to paretic neurosyphilis (see NEUROSYPHILIS). ""General paresis"" and ""general paralysis"" may still carry that connotation. Bilateral lower extremity paresis is referred to as PARAPARESIS."			Eyelid lesion or rash	45		Eprosartan (Teveten)						
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth disorder	7	Toothache	27	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Trimethoprim	1-4 years	0.8x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.6x
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth abscess	10	Peripheral edema	11	Incision and drainage (I d)	Lincomycin	75+ years	1.4x	Male	1.1x	White	1.0x
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dental caries	15	Flu-like syndrome	6	Culture wound	Leucovorin	60-74 years	0.3x			Black	0.4x
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	5	Swollen eye	6	Blood alcohol	Nafcillin	< 1 years	1.8x			Other	1.5x
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain after an operation	13	Mouth pain	78	Blood culture	Chlorhexidine Topical	15-29 years	0.5x				
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sialoadenitis	14	Facial pain	73	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Cefadroxil	5-14 years	0.0x				
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gum disease	27	Gum pain	27	Electrolytes panel	Penicillin	30-44 years	1.4x				
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Jaw disorder	4	Neck mass	27	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Cefoxitin	45-59 years	0.3x				
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Neck swelling	16		Acetic Acid Topical						
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Headache	24		Clindamycin						
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin swelling	11		Benzocaine Topical						
Jaw swelling	null	Jaw swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Difficulty in swallowing	11								
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal cyst	4	Throat redness	62	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Oxytocin	1-4 years	0.0x	Female	1.7x	White	1.5x
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Uterine atony	4	Lower abdominal pain	14	Intravenous fluid replacement	Nitrofurantoin	5-14 years	0.0x	Male	0.0x	Black	0.7x
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Problem during pregnancy	37	Pelvic pain	36	Urinalysis	Valdecoxib (Bextra)	60-74 years	0.0x			Other	1.3x
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	8	Cramps and spasms	28	Standard pregnancy test	Methylergonovine (Methergine)	15-29 years	0.0x			Hispanic	1.8x
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spontaneous abortion	14	Uterine contractions	1	Pelvis exam	Carmustine	< 1 years	3.6x				
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Threatened pregnancy	9	Pain during pregnancy	24	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Clomiphene (Clomid)	75+ years	0.0x				
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pregnancy	7	Vaginal pain	1	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Misoprostol	45-59 years	0.1x				
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Missed abortion	4	Intermenstrual bleeding	33	Radiographic imaging procedure	Procaine (Novocaine)	30-44 years	1.7x				
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Problems during pregnancy	80		Rho(D) Immune Globulin (Rhogam)						
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	2								
Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	null	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Blood clots during menstrual periods	3								
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Drug abuse	5	Hostile behavior	73	Psychotherapy	Disulfiram (Antabuse)	30-44 years	2.0x	Female	1.5x	White	0.8x
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Bipolar disorder	8	Excessive anger	2	Blood alcohol	Chlordiazepoxide	5-14 years	0.1x	Male	0.6x	Hispanic	1.4x
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Drug abuse (cocaine)	11	Smoking problems	5	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Naloxone (Suboxone)	15-29 years	0.1x			Other	0.9x
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Alcohol abuse	22	Abusing alcohol	26	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Oxazepam	60-74 years	1.8x			Black	0.8x
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Depression	20	Low self-esteem	11	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Naltrexone	< 1 years	0.2x				
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Drug abuse (opioids)	26	Fears and phobias	11	Mental health counseling	Buprenorphine (Suboxone)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Marijuana abuse	17	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	6	Toxicology screen	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	1-4 years	1.2x				
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."	Smoking or tobacco addiction	23	Depression	2	Urinalysis	Perphenazine	75+ years	0.0x				
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."			Anxiety and nervousness	43		Methadone						
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."			Antisocial behavior	42		Thiamine						
Drug abuse	null	"Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a substance (drug) in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods neither approved nor supervised by medical professionals. Substance abuse/drug abuse is not limited to mood-altering or psycho-active drugs. If an activity is performed using the objects against the rules and policies of the matter (as in steroids for performance enhancement in sports), it is also called substance abuse. Therefore, mood-altering and psychoactive substances are not the only types of drugs abused. Using illicit drugs  narcotics, stimulants, depressants (sedatives), hallucinogens, cannabis, even glues and paints, are also considered to be classified as drug/substance abuse. Substance abuse often includes problems with impulse control and impulsive behaviour."			Delusions or hallucinations	2		Acamprosate (Campral)						
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Viral hepatitis	4	Upper abdominal pain	22	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Methylcellulose (Citrucel)	15-29 years	0.9x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.1x
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Hemorrhoids	12	Disturbance of memory	13	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Sodium Phosphate	5-14 years	0.0x	Male	1.1x	White	0.8x
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Chronic constipation	3	Weakness	52	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	75+ years	1.5x			Black	0.9x
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Rectal disorder	3	Insomnia	47	Intravenous fluid replacement	Meropenem	45-59 years	1.1x			Hispanic	0.9x
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Diabetes	3	Involuntary urination	22	Rectal examination	Loperamide (Imodium)	60-74 years	3.4x				
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Decubitus ulcer	4	Sharp abdominal pain	13	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Mineral Oil (Stye)	30-44 years	1.1x				
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Anemia	1	Leg weakness	52	Pelvis exam	Nafcillin	1-4 years	0.1x				
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."	Urinary tract infection	7	Problems with movement	13	Electrolytes panel	Rifaximin	< 1 years	0.7x				
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."			Acne or pimples	13		Zosyn						
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."			Constipation	22		Psyllium						
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."			Diarrhea	13		Plasma Protein Fraction (Plasmanate)						
Incontinence of stool	Also known as Encopresis and Leaking stools	"Encopresis (from the Ancient Greek _________ / egk듫r_sis (), also known as paradoxical diarrhea) is voluntary or involuntary fecal soiling in children who have usually already been toilet trained. Persons with encopresis often leak stool into their undergarments."			Flatulence	47		Tegaserod (Zelnorm)						
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cellulitis or abscess of mouth	16	Skin rash	32	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Epinephrine	45-59 years	1.1x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the lip	6	Itching of skin	19	Biopsy	Acyclovir	30-44 years	0.8x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.2x
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	6	Mouth pain	19	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Ticlopidine	15-29 years	1.2x			White	0.9x
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	3	Facial pain	8	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	75+ years	1.5x			Other	1.1x
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	12	Allergic reaction	12	Excision (Removal)	Flumazenil	< 1 years	1.4x				
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cold sore	3	Swollen tongue	34	Excision of skin lesion	Docosanol Topical	5-14 years	0.7x				
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Drug reaction	5	Peripheral edema	10	Culture wound	Cefadroxil	1-4 years	0.7x				
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	11	Abnormal appearing skin	12	Incision and drainage (I d)	Penciclovir Topical	60-74 years	0.8x				
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of the face	31		Bleomycin						
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Loss of sensation	20		Phentolamine						
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Dry lips	29		Hydrocortisone-Iodoquinol Topical						
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Paresthesia	12		Penicillin G Benzathine (Bicillin)						
Lip swelling	null	Lip swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Bilberry Extract						
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anxiety	5	Coughing up sputum	19	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Pramlintide (Symlin)	30-44 years	0.3x	Male	0.9x	White	0.6x
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastritis	4	Back pain	19	Radiographic imaging procedure	Sucralfate (Carafate)	1-4 years	1.2x	Female	1.1x	Other	0.9x
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	4	Paresthesia	14	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Eptifibatide (Integrilin)	45-59 years	1.3x			Black	1.0x
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Heart attack	7	Weakness	52	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Aluminum Hydroxide (M.A.H.)	15-29 years	1.3x			Hispanic	1.2x
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	6	Irregular heartbeat	32	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Meropenem	60-74 years	0.0x				
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	3	Wheezing	14	Electrocardiogram	Nitroglycerin	5-14 years	1.3x				
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	4	Sharp chest pain	48	Electrolytes panel	Cimetidine	75+ years	0.9x				
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Coronary atherosclerosis	13	Nasal congestion	28	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Amylases	< 1 years	0.0x				
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Heartburn	24		Benzonatate						
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vomiting	28								
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Chest tightness	28								
Burning chest pain	null	Burning chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cough	79								
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Chronic sinusitis	1	Bleeding from ear	3	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Piperonyl Butoxide-Pyrethrins Topical	1-4 years	1.5x	Male	0.8x	Hispanic	1.2x
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Anemia	3	Sinus congestion	7	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	45-59 years	0.4x	Female	1.3x	White	1.0x
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Nose disorder	6	Hemoptysis	2	Cerebral arteriogram (Angiography cerebral)	Amoxapine	60-74 years	1.2x			Black	1.0x
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Head injury	1	Cough	5	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Cocaine Topical	< 1 years	1.9x			Other	1.0x
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Fracture of the facial bones	2	Bleeding in mouth	4	Other respiratory therapy	Bioflavonoids (P-1000)	75+ years	0.7x				
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Bruise	1	Headache	27	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Oxymetazoline Nasal	15-29 years	0.6x				
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Acute sinusitis	2	Bleeding gums	4	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Silver Nitrate Topical Each	30-44 years	0.6x				
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	4	Redness in or around nose	36	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Tetracaine Topical Product	5-14 years	1.9x				
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."			Nasal congestion	2		Lincomycin						
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."			Sneezing	4		Lidocaine-Tetracaine Topical						
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."			Sore in nose	27		Petrolatum Topical						
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."						Isometheptene Mucate						
Nosebleed	"Also known as Bloody nose, Epistaxis, Nasal Bleeding, and Bleeding From Nose"	"Epistaxis (from Greek: _______ (epistazo) to bleed from the nose: __ (epi) - ""above"", ""over"" + _____ (stazo) - ""to drip "") or a nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils. There are two types: anterior (the most common), and posterior (less common, more likely to require medical attention). Sometimes in more severe cases, the blood can come up the nasolacrimal duct and out from the eye. Fresh blood and clotted blood can also flow down into the stomach and cause nausea and vomiting. It is rarely fatal, accounting for only 4 of the 2.4 million deaths in the U.S. in 1999."						Tranexamic Acid						
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Urinary tract infection	4	Sore throat	18	Electrolytes panel	Trimetrexate	75+ years	0.1x	Male	1.1x	White	1.1x
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Indigestion	2	Blood in stool	37	Complete blood count (Cbc)	"Electrolyte Replacement Solutions, Oral"	< 1 years	2.2x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.3x
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	2	Headache	61	Urinalysis	Lipase	5-14 years	1.5x			Black	0.8x
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Pain after an operation	2	Rectal bleeding	41	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Hydrocortisone-Neomycin Topical	30-44 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.3x
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	6	Pain during pregnancy	49	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Methylcellulose (Citrucel)	1-4 years	1.1x				
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Gastritis	6	Back pain	24	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)	45-59 years	0.5x				
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Infectious gastroenteritis	6	Fever	7	Intravenous fluid replacement	Camphor-Menthol Topical	60-74 years	0.7x				
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Chronic constipation	5	Heartburn	47	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Moricizine	15-29 years	0.5x				
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Diarrhea	6								
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Vomiting	6								
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Nausea	36								
Burning abdominal pain	"Also known as Gastric pain, Stomach burning, and Dull abdominal pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Constipation	15								
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	4	Insomnia	62	Blood alcohol	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	30-44 years	0.2x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.1x
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Depression	15	Depression	74	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Benztropine	45-59 years	1.4x	Female	1.0x	White	1.0x
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Anxiety	13	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	8	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	60-74 years	0.7x			Hispanic	1.6x
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Social phobia	13	Drug abuse	52	Toxicology screen	Fluphenazine (Prolixin)	75+ years	1.5x			Black	0.7x
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Personality disorder	5	Sleepiness	11	Mental health counseling	Risperidone	1-4 years	0.5x				
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Psychotic disorder	21	Hostile behavior	20	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	15-29 years	0.8x				
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Bipolar disorder	24	Anxiety and nervousness	62	Psychotherapy	Haloperidol	< 1 years	1.0x				
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."	Schizophrenia	4	Delusions or hallucinations	14	Electrolytes panel	Clozapine	5-14 years	0.0x				
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."			Abusing alcohol	14		Molindone (Moban)						
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."			Hurts to breath	17		Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)						
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."			Restlessness	8		Clonazepam						
Fears and phobias	Also known as General fearfulness and Agoraphobia	"Agoraphobia (from Greek _____, ""gathering place""; and _____/_____, -phobia) is an anxiety disorder characterized by anxiety in situations where the sufferer perceives certain environments as dangerous or uncomfortable, often due to the environment's vast openness or crowdedness. These situations include, but are not limited to, wide-open spaces, as well as uncontrollable social situations such as the possibility of being met in shopping malls, airports, and on bridges. Agoraphobia is defined within the DSM-IV TR as a subset of panic disorder, involving the fear of incurring a panic attack in those environments. In the DSM-5, however, Agoraphobia is classified as being separate to panic disorder. The sufferer may go to great lengths to avoid those situations, in severe cases becoming unable to leave their home or safe haven."			Temper problems	25		Olanzapine (Zyprexa)						
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Lymphadenitis	2	Neck swelling	5	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Dapiprazole Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.7x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.0x
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Sebaceous cyst	3	Skin on head or neck looks infected	10	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Mebendazole	75+ years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	White	1.0x
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Contact dermatitis	4	Skin swelling	7	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Thiopental (Pentothal)	1-4 years	1.1x			Other	0.7x
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Lipoma	5	Lip swelling	10	Biopsy	Alclometasone Topical	30-44 years	0.7x			Black	1.1x
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Thyroid disease	2	Neck stiffness or tightness	5	Excision (Removal)	Cefprozil	60-74 years	1.0x				
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Sialoadenitis	7	Back mass or lump	7	Excision of skin lesion	Oxymorphone (Opana)	15-29 years	1.3x				
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Chronic sinusitis	2	Difficulty in swallowing	5	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Selenium Sulfide Topical	< 1 years	1.0x				
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."	Pyogenic skin infection	7	Shoulder lump or mass	5	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Methyl Salicylate-Menthol Topical	45-59 years	1.3x				
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."			Tongue lesions	12		Alendronate-Cholecalciferol						
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."			Neck pain	38		Sufentanil						
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."			Groin mass	5		Penciclovir Topical						
Neck mass	Also known as Mass Of Neck and Neck Lump	"A neck mass is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area. There are many different possible causes, including congenital conditions like branchial anomalies and thyroglossal duct cysts."			Swollen lymph nodes	16		Eletriptan (Relpax)						
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	52	Fever	11	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Clarithromycin	60-74 years	1.5x	Female	0.8x	Black	0.4x
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	4	Coryza	42	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Claritin D	< 1 years	0.8x	Male	1.1x	Other	0.3x
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	4	Cough	47	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Budesonide Nasal Product	1-4 years	0.4x			White	1.3x
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	4	Nasal congestion	29	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Augmentin	5-14 years	0.4x			Hispanic	0.6x
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	11	Redness in ear	27	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	45-59 years	0.0x				
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute sinusitis	12	Ear pain	50	Plastic procedures on nose (Rhinoplasty)	Cefuroxime	75+ years	1.4x				
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	14	Sore throat	23	Prophylactic vaccinations and inoculations	Mometasone Nasal Product	30-44 years	0.9x				
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	5	Headache	11	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	15-29 years	0.9x				
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Allergic reaction	11		Azelastine Nasal						
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frontal headache	18		Robitussin Dm						
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Congestion in chest	15		Moxifloxacin (Avelox)						
Painful sinuses	Also known as Sinus Pain	Painful sinuses is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Facial pain	26		Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)						
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	2	Diaper rash	19	Excision (Removal)	"Multivitamin, Prenatal"	75+ years	0.6x	Male	1.1x	White	0.9x
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	20	Upper abdominal pain	19	Other hernia repair	Silver Nitrate Topical Each	1-4 years	15.6x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.4x
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	2	Elbow pain	14	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Ketotifen Ophthalmic	15-29 years	0.4x			Hispanic	1.2x
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	3	Jaundice	19	Wound care management	Diatrizoate	30-44 years	0.3x			Other	0.8x
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the abdomen	2	Abnormal appearing skin	37	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Butalbital (G-1)	< 1 years	0.6x				
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Omphalitis	9	Discharge in stools	14	Rectal examination	Mupirocin Topical	60-74 years	1.1x				
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Constipation	8	Standard pregnancy test	Magnesium Citrate	45-59 years	0.5x				
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Abdominal hernia	10	Swollen abdomen	8	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Desflurane	5-14 years	0.1x				
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lump or mass of breast	14		Ferrous Sulfate						
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	19		Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin swelling	8		Ethanol (On Guard)						
Irregular belly button	Also known as Umbilicus not healing and Belly button protruding	Irregular belly button  is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Infant spitting up	14		Glycerin (Fleet)						
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal yeast infection	7	Sharp abdominal pain	9	Pelvis exam	Miconazole Topical Product	15-29 years	0.3x	Male	0.0x	Black	1.8x
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	17	Skin growth	42	Chlamydia test	Fluconazole (Diflucan)	1-4 years	0.6x	Female	1.7x	Hispanic	1.3x
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal cyst	4	Pain during pregnancy	25	Standard pregnancy test	Terconazole Topical	60-74 years	1.3x			White	0.6x
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chlamydia	3	Recent pregnancy	29	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Betamethasone-Clotrimazole Topical	< 1 years	0.7x			Other	1.2x
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vulvodynia	12	Lower abdominal pain	12	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Metronidazole Topical Product	30-44 years	0.0x				
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystitis	4	Pain of the anus	16	Electrolytes panel	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	75+ years	2.5x				
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginitis	3	Vaginal itching	12	Urinalysis	Diflorasone Topical	5-14 years	0.5x				
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Female genitalia infection	13	Intermenstrual bleeding	45	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Metronidazole	45-59 years	0.4x				
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vaginal discharge	12		Sodium Bicarbonate						
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Painful urination	49		Misoprostol						
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Retention of urine	19		Dibucaine Topical						
Vaginal pain	Also known as Vaginal burning and Pain In Vagina	Vaginal pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pelvic pain	36		Lactobacillus Acidophilus (Dofus)						
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Urinary tract infection	4	Problems during pregnancy	11	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Loperamide (Imodium)	30-44 years	2.8x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.3x
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Hypovolemia	14	Nausea	42	Urinalysis	Trimethobenzamide (Tigan)	15-29 years	0.5x	Female	1.0x	White	1.1x
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Common cold	2	Decreased appetite	65	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Promethazine	5-14 years	1.2x			Black	0.9x
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Infectious gastroenteritis	3	Sharp abdominal pain	25	Radiographic imaging procedure	Glycerin Topical	75+ years	1.4x			Hispanic	1.1x
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Pneumonia	3	Diarrhea	9	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Lactobacillus Acidophilus And Bulgaricus	< 1 years	0.6x				
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Gastritis	6	Burning abdominal pain	81	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Amylases	60-74 years	0.8x				
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Otitis media	4	Fever	62	Intravenous fluid replacement	Diphenoxylate (Lomotil)	1-4 years	0.6x				
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	6	Upper abdominal pain	40	Electrolytes panel	Ondansetron (Zofran)	45-59 years	2.4x				
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."			Cough	71		Sodium Citrate						
Vomiting	"Also known as Can't keep food down, Dry heaves, Retching, Throwing up, Puking, and Emesis"	"Vomiting (known medically as emesis and informally as throwing up and numerous other terms) is the forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose. Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela of disorders ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation. The feeling that one is about to vomit is called nausea, which often precedes, but does not always lead to, vomiting. Antiemetics are sometimes necessary to suppress nausea and vomiting. In severe cases, where dehydration develops, intravenous fluid may be required."			Headache	11		Protamines (Protamine)						
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	6	Ear pain	21	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	1-4 years	0.2x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Asthma	27	Itchiness of eye	56	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Telithromycin (Ketek)	30-44 years	1.1x	Female	1.0x	Other	2.0x
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Allergy	6	Fever	28	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Urofollitropin (Bravelle)	5-14 years	1.4x			Black	0.9x
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Acute sinusitis	4	Wheezing	28	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Clarithromycin	< 1 years	0.2x			White	0.9x
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Common cold	5	Allergic reaction	21	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Benzonatate	45-59 years	1.0x				
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	High blood pressure	9	Headache	16	Other vascular catheterization; not heart	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	60-74 years	1.0x				
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Chronic sinusitis	4	Itchy ear(s)	21	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Castor Oil (Purge)	15-29 years	0.5x				
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	11	Cough	82	Other respiratory therapy	Robitussin Ac	75+ years	1.4x				
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."			Hoarse voice	40		Levocetirizine (Xyzal)						
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."			Sneezing	21								
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."			Nasal congestion	74								
Throat irritation	Also known as Itchy throat and Scratchy throat	"Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, or a sensation of a lumpy feeling or something stuck at the back of the throat."			Sore throat	32								
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	17	Sore throat	7	Other physical therapy and rehabilitation	Rabeprazole (Aciphex)	45-59 years	1.5x	Male	1.1x	White	0.5x
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	9	Throat irritation	6	Other therapeutic procedures	Robitussin Dm	75+ years	1.4x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.2x
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Vocal cord polyp	14	Nasal congestion	47	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Telithromycin (Ketek)	< 1 years	0.9x			Black	0.7x
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Chronic sinusitis	5	Diminished hearing	30	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Levocetirizine (Xyzal)	15-29 years	1.1x			Hispanic	0.9x
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Common cold	6	Cough	68	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	60-74 years	0.9x				
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	8	Difficulty in swallowing	29	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Clarithromycin	5-14 years	0.7x				
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Acute bronchitis	10	Sneezing	21	Biopsy	Adapalene Topical	30-44 years	0.5x				
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."	Laryngitis	3	Coughing up sputum	72	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Cefprozil	1-4 years	0.6x				
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."			Plugged feeling in ear	18								
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."			Fever	11								
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."			Congestion in chest	12								
Hoarse voice	"Also known as Lost voice, Hoarseness, and Husky Voice"	"Dysphonia is the medical term for disorders of the voice: an impairment in the ability to produce voice sounds using the vocal organs (it is distinct from dysarthria which signifies dysfunction in the muscles needed to produce speech). Thus, dysphonia is a phonation disorder. The dysphonic voice can be hoarse or excessively breathy, harsh, or rough, but some kind of phonation is still possible (contrasted with the more severe aphonia where phonation is impossible)."			Throat feels tight	17								
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic dermatitis	7	Dry or flaky scalp	18	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Fluorouracil Topical	60-74 years	1.7x	Male	1.4x	Black	0.8x
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	10	Abnormal appearing skin	40	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Fluorouracil	75+ years	1.3x	Female	0.7x	White	1.0x
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	10	Skin rash	8	Excision (Removal)	Triamcinolone Topical Product	< 1 years	1.0x			Other	1.4x
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the skin	10	Skin lesion	26	Excision of skin lesion	Pyrithione Zinc Topical	5-14 years	0.6x			Hispanic	0.6x
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Actinic keratosis	14	Itchy scalp	23	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Ketoconazole	1-4 years	1.0x				
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin cancer	7	Too little hair	15	Biopsy	Griseofulvin	30-44 years	1.4x				
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	6	Skin moles	18	Other therapeutic procedures	Clobetasol Topical	45-59 years	1.5x				
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic keratosis	6	Symptoms of the face	38	Wound care management	Selenium Sulfide Topical	15-29 years	0.4x				
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin growth	26		Naftifine Topical						
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itching of skin	18		Tetracycline						
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lower body pain	15		Betamethasone Topical Product						
Irregular appearing scalp	Also known as Dry scalp and Rash on scalp	Irregular appearing scalp is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	43		Salicylic Acid Topical						
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	5	Paresthesia	67	Chlamydia test	Doxycycline	60-74 years	0.4x	Male	0.0x	Black	0.5x
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chlamydia	2	Itching of skin	22	Urinalysis	Tetracycline	15-29 years	0.1x	Female	2.4x	Other	3.4x
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Balanitis	33	Groin pain	22	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Metronidazole	75+ years	0.7x			White	0.3x
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urethritis	11	Painful urination	26	Culture wound	Butorphanol (Stadol)	< 1 years	2.8x			Hispanic	0.8x
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Trichomonas infection	15	Skin irritation	17	Rectal examination	Permethrin Topical	30-44 years	1.6x				
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gonorrhea	3	Frequent urination	12	HIV screen (Hiv test)	Triazolam (Halcion)	5-14 years	0.1x				
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Prostatitis	2	Retention of urine	12	Endoscopy and endoscopic biopsy of the urinary tract	Cefotaxime	1-4 years	0.3x				
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Burning chest pain	42	Nonoperative urinary system measurements	Ceftriaxone	45-59 years	0.4x				
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Groin mass	7		Azithromycin						
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in testicles	36		Nonoxynol 9 Topical						
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Penis pain	17								
Penile discharge	Also known as Discharge from penis and Penis Discharge	Penile discharge is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Penis redness	7								
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Transient ischemic attack	6	Focal weakness	32	Electrolytes panel	Pyridostigmine (Mestinon)	45-59 years	0.3x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.0x
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Carpal tunnel syndrome	5	Neck pain	12	Electrocardiogram	Rasagiline (Azilect)	< 1 years	0.4x	Female	1.2x	White	1.0x
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spinal stenosis	3	Dizziness	55	Radiographic imaging procedure	Riluzole	60-74 years	1.6x			Black	1.2x
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stroke	4	Loss of sensation	71	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Piroxicam	1-4 years	1.0x			Hispanic	1.0x
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spondylosis	3	Sharp chest pain	25	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Tolazamide	30-44 years	0.4x				
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Mononeuritis	5	Arm pain	21	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	15-29 years	0.2x				
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Brachial neuritis	12	Difficulty speaking	55	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	5-14 years	1.4x				
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Herniated disk	6	Leg weakness	25	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)	75+ years	1.6x				
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Slurring words	12		Fluorescein Ophthalmic						
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger weakness	38		Loxapine						
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Muscle weakness	12		Selegiline						
Arm weakness	null	Arm weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Paresthesia	41		Diethylpropion (Tenuate)						
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	4	Peripheral edema	26	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Diatrizoate	15-29 years	0.6x	Male	1.3x	Black	0.8x
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Urinary tract infection	4	Side pain	26	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Alclometasone Topical	60-74 years	0.9x	Female	0.8x	Other	0.8x
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Acute kidney injury	8	Excessive urination at night	58	Urinalysis	Ramelteon (Rozerem)	1-4 years	2.3x			White	1.2x
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Hypovolemia	3	Fever	52	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Mineral Oil (Stye)	75+ years	0.6x			Hispanic	0.6x
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Heart failure	13	Diarrhea	49	Intravenous fluid replacement	Tacrolimus Topical Product	30-44 years	0.6x				
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Otitis media	4	Vomiting	26	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Dobutamine	5-14 years	2.1x				
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Pyelonephritis	14	Painful urination	19	Electrolytes panel	Mexiletine	45-59 years	4.4x				
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	7	Ache all over	52	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Iron Polysaccharide	< 1 years	0.5x				
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."			Lower abdominal pain	58		Phenazopyridine (Azo)						
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."			Fluid retention	26								
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."			Decreased appetite	26								
Low urine output	"Also known as Small urine volume, Oliguria, and Decreased urine"	"Oliguria or hypouresis (both names from roots meaning ""not enough urine"") is the low output of urine. In humans, it is clinically classified as an output below 300-500ml/day. The decreased output of urine may be a sign of dehydration, renal failure, hypovolemic shock, HHNS hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, urinary obstruction/urinary retention, DKA, pre-eclampsia, and urinary tract infections, among other conditions."			Frequent urination	32								
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Chronic ulcer	5	Skin moles	4	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Zinc Oxide Topical	< 1 years	0.6x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.2x
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Skin cancer	25	Mouth ulcer	4	Examination of foot	Papain-Urea Topical	60-74 years	0.3x	Male	1.2x	Black	0.7x
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Skin disorder	10	Skin pain	14	Traction; splints; and other wound care	Petrolatum Topical	75+ years	0.4x			Hispanic	0.6x
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Actinic keratosis	5	Skin irritation	1	Excision of skin lesion	Silver Topical	45-59 years	1.8x			White	0.6x
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Varicose veins	5	Skin on head or neck looks infected	5	Wound care management	Becaplermin Topical	30-44 years	0.4x				
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Pyogenic skin infection	7	Abnormal appearing skin	8	Excision (Removal)	Silver Sulfadiazine Topical	1-4 years	2.3x				
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Diabetes	6	Itching of skin	2	Debridement of wound; infection or burn	Silver Nitrate Topical Each	5-14 years	1.2x				
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."	Decubitus ulcer	8	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	3	Biopsy	Collagenase Topical	15-29 years	0.5x				
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."			Irregular appearing scalp	19		Fluorouracil Topical						
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."						Cellulose						
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."						Mupirocin Topical						
Skin lesion	"Also known as Papule, Pustule, Raw area of skin, Skin sore, and Skin ulcer"	"A cutaneous condition is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system  the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands. The major function of this system is as a barrier against the external environment."						Lidocaine-Prilocaine Topical						
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Psoriasis	11	Irregular appearing scalp	23	Excision of skin lesion	Hydrocortisone Topical	45-59 years	1.0x	Male	1.1x	White	1.0x
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Eczema	5	Skin growth	67	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Ketoconazole	5-14 years	0.6x	Female	0.9x	Other	0.9x
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Seborrheic dermatitis	4	Acne or pimples	9	Biopsy	Urea Topical	30-44 years	1.5x			Black	1.0x
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Contact dermatitis	24	Abnormal appearing skin	9	Wound care management	Triamcinolone	75+ years	1.6x			Hispanic	1.0x
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Seborrheic keratosis	7	Warts	11	Other therapeutic procedures	Clobetasol Topical	< 1 years	2.7x				
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Actinic keratosis	19	Dry or flaky scalp	41	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Fluocinonide Topical	15-29 years	0.8x				
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Scleroderma	9	Skin lesion	13	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Triamcinolone Topical Product	1-4 years	1.1x				
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."	Skin cancer	8	Too little hair	29	Excision (Removal)	Betamethasone Topical Product	60-74 years	0.5x				
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."			Itching of skin	53		Fluorouracil						
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."			Skin moles	16		Clotrimazole Topical						
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."			Skin swelling	11		Petrolatum Topical						
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."			Skin rash	53		Fluticasone Topical Product						
"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	"Also known as Skin peeling, Skin scaliness, Skin roughness, and Dry skin"	"Desquamation (from Latin desquamare, meaning ""to scrape the scales off a fish""), also called skin peeling, is the shedding of the outermost membrane or layer of a tissue, such as the skin."						Desonide Topical						
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Acute sinusitis	9	Ear pain	8	Nebulizer therapy	Cefdinir	60-74 years	0.6x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.0x
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Acute bronchitis	13	Cough	33	Plastic procedures on nose (Rhinoplasty)	Dextromethorphan (Duramax)	75+ years	0.5x	Female	1.1x	White	1.2x
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Common cold	6	Pulling at ears	68	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Cefprozil	5-14 years	4.7x			Black	1.0x
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Chronic sinusitis	9	Congestion in chest	90	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	15-29 years	1.6x			Hispanic	1.1x
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Otitis media	11	Wheezing	32	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Robitussin Dm	45-59 years	0.3x				
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	33	Coryza	17	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	30-44 years	0.7x				
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	5	Coughing up sputum	55	Other respiratory therapy		< 1 years	3.9x				
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."	Asthma	4	Sneezing	13	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue		1-4 years	0.6x				
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."			Fever	13								
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."			Sore throat	12								
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."			Headache	26								
Nasal congestion	"Also known as Excess mucus, Nasal obstruction, Stuffy nose, Blocked nose, Congested Nose, Nasal Stuffiness, and Nose Blocked"	"Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels. It is also known as nasal blockage, nasal obstruction, blocked nose, stuffy nose, or plugged nose."			Frontal headache	15								
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Kidney stone	3	Blood in urine	13	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Methylergonovine (Methergine)	75+ years	0.0x	Male	1.3x	Other	1.1x
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Vulvodynia	5	Nausea	27	Electrolytes panel	Tromethamine	1-4 years	0.4x	Female	0.6x	Hispanic	0.9x
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Ovarian cyst	3	Retention of urine	11	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Carmustine	15-29 years	0.8x			Black	1.3x
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Diverticulitis	10	Frequent urination	23	Intravenous fluid replacement	Desogestrel	5-14 years	0.1x			White	1.0x
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Threatened pregnancy	5	Vaginal discharge	41	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Dinoprostone Topical	30-44 years	0.6x				
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Pain after an operation	5	Pain during pregnancy	41	Radiographic imaging procedure	Cefoxitin	45-59 years	2.1x				
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Urinary tract infection	2	Vomiting	22	Urinalysis	Inulin	< 1 years	0.6x				
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Appendicitis	3	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	49	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Cefotetan	60-74 years	1.4x				
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Side pain	24		Oxytocin						
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Painful urination	13		Betaxolol						
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Back pain	12		Procainamide						
Lower abdominal pain	"Also known as Right lower quadrant (RLQ) pain, Inguinal pain, and Left lower quadrant (LLQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Lower body pain	11		Diatrizoate						
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Stroke	2	Hip pain	41	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Rivastigmine (Exelon)	30-44 years	2.8x	Male	1.1x	White	1.1x
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Multiple sclerosis	3	Knee pain	32	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Rasagiline (Azilect)	< 1 years	1.5x	Female	0.9x	Other	0.7x
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Parkinson disease	4	Leg pain	38	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Selegiline	75+ years	1.0x			Black	0.8x
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Osteoarthritis	2	Abnormal involuntary movements	19	Radiographic imaging procedure	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	5-14 years	0.5x			Hispanic	1.1x
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Chronic back pain	3	Paresthesia	39	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Glatiramer (Copaxone)	15-29 years	0.7x				
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Lumbago	3	Back pain	24	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Darifenacin (Enablex)	1-4 years	1.2x				
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Dementia	6	Ache all over	15	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Entacapone (Comtan)	60-74 years	0.3x				
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."	Spinal stenosis	2	Weakness	24	Electrolytes panel	Amantadine	45-59 years	0.2x				
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."			Dizziness	30		Galantamine						
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."			Disturbance of memory	17		Guanfacine (Intuniv)						
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."			Difficulty speaking	24								
Problems with movement	"Also known as Ataxia, Clumsiness, Difficulty in walking, Dyskinesia, Limping, Staggering, Stumbling, Uncoordinated, and Unsteady gait"	"Ataxia (from Greek _-  + -_____  = ""lack of order""), is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements. Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement, such as the cerebellum. Several possible causes exist for these patterns of neurological dysfunction. The term ""dystaxia"" is a rarely used synonym."			Loss of sensation	31								
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Alcohol abuse	55	Fears and phobias	59	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	75+ years	0.8x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.1x
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	10	Low self-esteem	6	Diagnostic endocrine procedures	Tranylcypromine (Parnate)	1-4 years	0.1x	Male	0.9x	White	0.9x
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Depression	7	Temper problems	12	Psychotherapy	Phenelzine (Nardil)	60-74 years	1.5x			Black	0.7x
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Dysthymic disorder	3	Drug abuse	8	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	30-44 years	1.5x			Other	0.8x
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Psychotic disorder	4	Excessive anger	5	Toxicology screen	Selegiline	45-59 years	0.5x				
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Schizophrenia	3	Disturbance of memory	9	Mental health counseling	Desvenlafaxine (Pristiq)	< 1 years	0.5x				
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Anxiety	4	Hostile behavior	29	Blood alcohol	Mirtazapine	15-29 years	1.0x				
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:	Bipolar disorder	6	Delusions or hallucinations	14	Alcohol and drug rehabilitation/detoxification	Maprotiline	5-14 years	0.4x				
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:			Abusing alcohol	9		Bifidobacterium-Lactobacillus						
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:			Anxiety and nervousness	12		Goldenseal Preparation						
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:			Depressive or psychotic symptoms	5		Fluoxymesterone (Halotestin)						
Depression	"Also known as Crying excessively, Dejected, Distress, Feeling down, Feeling low, Feeling hopeless, and Feeling sad"	Depression or depress(ed) may refer to:			Insomnia	67								
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Nerve impingement near the shoulder	4	Back pain	10	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Cortisone	1-4 years	1.5x	Male	1.1x	White	0.8x
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Spinal stenosis	9	Sharp chest pain	57	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Gadopentetate Dimeglumine (Magnevist)	45-59 years	1.2x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.1x
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Bursitis	7	Shoulder swelling	11	Application of splint (Splinting)	Mepivacaine (Carbocaine)	75+ years	1.1x			Black	0.9x
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Osteoarthritis	4	Knee pain	3	Other therapeutic procedures	Methohexital (Brevital)	30-44 years	0.0x			Other	0.9x
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Bruise	17	Elbow pain	14	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Daunorubicin	5-14 years	0.1x				
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Sprain or strain	7	Hip pain	25	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Samarium Sm 153 Lexidronam (Quadramet)	< 1 years	0.9x				
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Rotator cuff injury	19	Lower body pain	3	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on musculoskeletal system	Chloroprocaine	15-29 years	0.4x				
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."	Injury to the shoulder	6	Shoulder stiffness or tightness	27	Radiographic imaging procedure	Betamethasone	60-74 years	1.2x				
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."			Arm pain	39								
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."			Shoulder weakness	18								
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."			Neck pain	40								
Shoulder pain	Also known as Pain In Shoulder	"Shoulder problems including pain, are one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms. The shoulder is the most movable joint in the body. However, it is an unstable joint because of the range of motion allowed. This instability increases the likelihood of joint injury, often leading to a degenerative process in which tissues break down and no longer function well."			Arm stiffness or tightness	2								
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Food allergy	2	Lip swelling	45	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)	75+ years	1.0x	Female	1.0x	White	1.0x
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	2	Tongue pain	45	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Famotidine	30-44 years	0.8x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	0.8x
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Aphthous ulcer	5	Difficulty speaking	36	Electrolytes panel	Amlexanox Topical	< 1 years	0.5x			Black	1.3x
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Mucositis	3	Peripheral edema	25	Biopsy	Etomidate	1-4 years	0.8x			Other	0.4x
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Oral mucosal lesion	3	Sore throat	41	Intravenous fluid replacement	Acebutolol	5-14 years	1.3x				
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Drug reaction	22	Tongue lesions	25	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	45-59 years	1.0x				
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Allergy	2	Difficulty in swallowing	18	Nebulizer therapy	Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)	15-29 years	1.4x				
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."	Alcohol abuse	21	Itching of skin	18	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Nystatin Topical Product	60-74 years	0.0x				
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."			Allergic reaction	45		Cimetidine						
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."			Throat swelling	36		Dexamethasone Topical Product						
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."			Abnormal appearing tongue	41		Methylprednisolone (Medrol)						
Swollen tongue	Also known as Glossitis	"Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue. Severe enlargement of the tongue can cause cosmetic and functional difficulties including in speaking, eating, swallowing and sleeping. Macroglossia is uncommon, and usually occurs in children. There are many causes. Treatment is dependent upon the exact cause."			Skin rash	18		Epinephrine						
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	7	Lacrimation	63	Blood culture	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.4x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.6x
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	16	Pain in eye	10	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.9x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.0x
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	4	Peripheral edema	29	Diagnostic spinal tap (Spinal tap)	Tetracaine (One Touch)	1-4 years	1.4x			Hispanic	0.8x
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	9	Allergic reaction	7	Incision and drainage (I d)	Erythromycin	60-74 years	0.7x			White	0.9x
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stye	4	White discharge from eye	38	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Fluorescein Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.7x				
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	4	Bleeding from eye	7	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Tobramycin Ophthalmic	30-44 years	1.2x				
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to virus	9	Eye redness	16	Culture wound	Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.3x				
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Eye burns or stings	70	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	15-29 years	2.9x				
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin rash	18		Olopatadine Ophthalmic						
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Jaw swelling	7		Gentamicin Ophthalmic						
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itchiness of eye	13		Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of eye	5		Ofloxacin Ophthalmic						
Swollen eye	Also known as Eye swelling	Swollen eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	6	Nasal congestion	54	Rectal examination	Cefotaxime	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Intestinal malabsorption	3	Vomiting	13	Nonoperative urinary system measurements	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	1-4 years	0.0x	Female	1.1x	White	1.1x
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypovolemia	4	Decreased appetite	48	Diagnostic bronchoscopy and biopsy of bronchus	Mineral Oil (Stye)	15-29 years	0.0x			Other	0.9x
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	3	Fluid in ear	13	Enteral and parenteral nutrition	Bethanechol	5-14 years	0.0x			Black	2.0x
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	3	Diarrhea	43	Blood culture	Ampicillin	75+ years	0.0x				
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Neonatal jaundice	10	Fever	40	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Triprolidine (Actifed)	45-59 years	30.5x				
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	6	Difficulty in swallowing	13	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	30-44 years	0.0x				
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	6	Irritable infant	43	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Simethicone (Degas)	< 1 years	0.2x				
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Infant spitting up	13		Penicillamine (Depen)						
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cough	37		Poractant						
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Jaundice	18		Antihemophilic Factor (Obsolete)						
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Constipation	30		Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Infant feeding problem	null	Infant feeding problem is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Nystatin Topical Product						
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	8	Ear pain	13	Biopsy	Dirithromycin (Dynabac)	15-29 years	1.4x	Male	1.0x	White	0.6x
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Strep throat	7	Nasal congestion	28	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Ammonium Lactate Topical	1-4 years	1.3x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Common cold	3	Skin swelling	31	Excision (Removal)	Cefaclor (Ceclor)	45-59 years	0.2x			Other	1.2x
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Otitis media	3	Fever	8	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Trifluridine Ophthalmic	60-74 years	0.4x			Black	0.5x
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Mononucleosis	27	Neck pain	38	Other OR therapeutic nervous system procedures	Mesalamine (Asacol)	30-44 years	0.6x				
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Chronic sinusitis	4	Difficulty in swallowing	31	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Griseofulvin	75+ years	0.1x				
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Sialoadenitis	3	Throat feels tight	52	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Penicillin	< 1 years	1.3x				
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."	Lymphadenitis	6	Cough	15	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Fluphenazine (Prolixin)	5-14 years	1.8x				
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."			Sore lymph nodes	8								
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."			Sore throat	32								
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."			Ache all over	25								
Swollen lymph nodes	"Also known as Lymphadenopathy, Swollen glands, and Enlargement Of Lymph Nodes"	"Lymphadenopathy is a term meaning ""disease of the lymph nodes."" It is, however, almost synonymously used with ""swollen/enlarged lymph nodes"". It could be due to infection, auto-immune disease, or malignancy."			Headache	82								
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Epilepsy	2	Diminished hearing	24	Radiographic imaging procedure	Nimodipine	75+ years	0.5x	Male	0.9x	White	0.7x
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Conductive hearing loss	2	Dizziness	36	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Riluzole	15-29 years	2.4x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.0x
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Decubitus ulcer	2	Weakness	18	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Galantamine	60-74 years	0.7x			Other	1.1x
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Transient ischemic attack	2	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	12	Electrolytes panel	Fosphenytoin	< 1 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.2x
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Chronic ulcer	9	Problems with movement	36	Electrocardiogram	Rotigotine (Neupro)	45-59 years	2.7x				
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Stroke	8	Focal weakness	21	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Temozolomide	5-14 years	0.3x				
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	15	Abnormal involuntary movements	15	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Creatine	30-44 years	0.2x				
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."	Developmental disability	3	Restlessness	49	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Rivastigmine (Exelon)	1-4 years	1.5x				
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."			Headache	37		Alteplase						
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."			Difficulty in swallowing	10		Papain-Urea Topical						
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."			Disturbance of memory	18		Pentobarbital						
Difficulty speaking	"Also known as Groping for words, Trouble talking, Aphasia, Verbal apraxia, Unable to talk, and Sudden inability to speak"	"Aphasia (/__fe___/, /__fe_zi_/ or /e__fe_zi_/; from ancient Greek aphatos meaning ______ (______, _- + ____), ""speechlessness"", derived from phat meaning ""spoken"") is a disturbance of the comprehension and formulation of language caused by dysfunction in specific brain regions. This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write. This also affects visual language such as sign language. Aphasia is usually linked to brain damage, most commonly by stroke. Brain damage linked to aphasia can also cause further brain diseases, including cancer, epilepsy and Alzheimer's disease."			Loss of sensation	35								
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	8	Hip pain	74	Intravenous fluid replacement	Turmeric Extract	15-29 years	0.9x	Male	1.1x	White	0.9x
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sciatica	10	Side pain	44	Urinalysis	Oxandrolone	5-14 years	0.0x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	8	Leg pain	38	Radiographic imaging procedure	Tenecteplase	< 1 years	1.1x			Black	1.0x
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	4	Back pain	27	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Famciclovir	60-74 years	0.1x			Other	0.9x
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lumbago	9	Shoulder pain	21	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Castor Oil (Purge)	75+ years	1.3x				
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic back pain	4	Neck pain	37	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Tigecycline	45-59 years	1.5x				
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spinal stenosis	3	Sharp chest pain	63	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Metyrapone	30-44 years	1.0x				
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain after an operation	4	Sharp abdominal pain	68	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Chlorzoxazone	1-4 years	0.1x				
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Low back pain	42		Trichloroacetic Acid Topical						
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lower abdominal pain	37		Lipase						
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm pain	39		Fluticasone						
Lower body pain	"Also known as Buttock pain, Gluteal pain, and Perineal pain"	Lower body pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Upper abdominal pain	66		Lidocaine Topical Product						
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Abdominal hernia	5	Pain in testicles	36	Urinalysis	Urokinase	< 1 years	1.2x	Female	0.7x	Black	0.8x
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Urinary tract infection	4	Lower abdominal pain	29	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Dexamethasone Ophthalmic	60-74 years	1.4x	Male	1.5x	Hispanic	1.1x
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Inguinal hernia	12	Groin mass	29	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Diflunisal	1-4 years	0.0x			Other	0.8x
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Side pain	13	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Cabergoline	75+ years	1.2x			White	1.0x
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Osteoarthritis	11	Sharp abdominal pain	18	Radiographic imaging procedure	Ginkgo Biloba Extract (Ginkgo)	45-59 years	0.9x				
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Sprain or strain	3	Painful urination	34	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Mexiletine	30-44 years	0.2x				
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Chronic back pain	4	Low back pain	15	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Hyaluronidase	5-14 years	1.2x				
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."	Kidney stone	3	Leg pain	31	Intravenous fluid replacement	Procainamide	15-29 years	0.3x				
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."			Swollen abdomen	15		Sodium Citrate						
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."			Back pain	18								
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."			Hip pain	17								
Groin pain	"Also known as Pubic pain, Inguinal Pain, and Inguinodynia"	"Post herniorrhaphy pain syndrome, or inguinodynia is pain or discomfort lasting greater than 3 months after surgery of inguinal hernia. Randomized trials of laparoscopic vs open inguinal hernia repair have demonstrated similar recurrence rates with the use of mesh and have identified that chronic groin pain (>10%) surpasses recurrence (<2%) and is an important measure of success."			Lower body pain	25								
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	5	Itching of skin	28	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Zinc Oxide Topical	5-14 years	0.1x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.7x
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Otitis media	6	Cough	13	Nonoperative urinary system measurements	Selenium Sulfide Topical	30-44 years	15.6x	Female	0.9x	White	0.7x
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Contact dermatitis	3	Fever	26	Prophylactic vaccinations and inoculations	Miconazole Topical Product	75+ years	7.0x			Black	1.3x
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Onychomycosis	5	Skin swelling	13	Rectal examination	Retapamulin Topical	45-59 years	0.1x			Hispanic	1.5x
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Diaper rash	7	Pulling at ears	4	Culture wound	Hydrocortisone Topical	< 1 years	0.1x				
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Balanitis	52	Diarrhea	10	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Gemtuzumab (Mylotarg)	1-4 years	0.1x				
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Pyogenic skin infection	7	Irritable infant	32	Other OR gastrointestinal therapeutic procedures	Clotrimazole Topical	15-29 years	0.1x				
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."	Yeast infection	5	Skin irritation	7		Oxiconazole Topical	60-74 years	0.0x				
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."			Skin rash	34		Ketoconazole						
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."			Infant spitting up	7		Nystatin Topical Product						
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."			Suprapubic pain	52		Simethicone (Degas)						
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."			Nasal congestion	13		Betamethasone-Clotrimazole Topical						
Diaper rash	null	"Irritant diaper dermatitis, also known as ""diaper dermatitis"" and ""napkin dermatitis"":80 and commonly known as diaper rash (U.S.) or nappy rash (UK, AUS), is a generic term applied to skin rashes in the diaper area that are caused by various skin disorders and/or irritants."						Permethrin Topical						
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Panic disorder	3	Difficulty breathing	31	Electrolytes panel	Ibandronate (Boniva)	5-14 years	1.2x	Male	0.8x	Black	0.8x
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Acute bronchiolitis	11	Fainting	45	Electrocardiogram	Prednisolone	< 1 years	0.3x	Female	1.2x	Other	0.8x
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Anxiety	5	Anxiety and nervousness	66	Intravenous fluid replacement	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	30-44 years	1.0x			White	1.6x
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Panic attack	4	Cough	31	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Sodium Polystyrene Sulfonate (Kayexalate)	15-29 years	0.9x			Hispanic	2.0x
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Urinary tract infection	4	Palpitations	36	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Calcium Acetate	45-59 years	1.3x				
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Acute stress reaction	16	Fever	18	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Ethosuximide	1-4 years	1.3x				
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Depression	5	Sharp chest pain	18	Radiographic imaging procedure	Cimetidine	75+ years	0.4x				
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	4	Dizziness	48	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Lorazepam	60-74 years	4.6x				
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.			Abnormal involuntary movements	18		Tegaserod (Zelnorm)						
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.			Nausea	31								
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.			Shortness of breath	54								
Breathing fast	"Also known as Hyperventilation, Tachypnea, Rapid Breathing, Increased Respiratory Rate, and Tachypneic"	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate and quantity of alveolar ventilation of carbon dioxide exceeds body's production of carbon dioxide.			Wheezing	45								
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Developmental disability	2	Eye moves abnormally	2	Electrocardiogram	Fosphenytoin	60-74 years	1.2x	Male	1.2x	Other	1.0x
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Epilepsy	1	Headache	1	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Lacosamide (Vimpat)	1-4 years	1.5x	Female	0.8x	Black	0.9x
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Stroke	1	Stiffness all over	7	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Phenobarbital	75+ years	0.6x			Hispanic	1.2x
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Migraine	2	Abnormal involuntary movements	16	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Topiramate (Topamax)	45-59 years	1.0x			White	0.9x
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Alcohol withdrawal	2	Lack of growth	3	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	< 1 years	1.5x				
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Cerebral palsy	34	Disturbance of memory	32	Electrolytes panel	Valproic Acid	30-44 years	0.7x				
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."	Alcohol abuse	1			Intravenous fluid replacement	Phenytoin (Dilantin)	5-14 years	1.1x				
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."					Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Levetiracetam (Keppra)	15-29 years	0.4x				
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."						Zonisamide						
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."						Lamotrigine (Lamictal)						
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."						Ethosuximide						
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."						Carbamazepine						
Seizures	Also known as Shaking fits	"An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a transient symptom of ""abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain"". The outward effect can be as dramatic as a wild thrashing movement (tonic-clonic seizure) or as mild as a brief loss of awareness (absence seizure). It can manifest as an alteration in mental state, tonic or clonic movements, convulsions, and various other psychic symptoms (such as d꾥 vu or jamais vu). Sometimes it is not accompanied by convulsions but a full body ""slump"", where the person simply will lose body control and slump to the ground. The medical syndrome of recurrent, unprovoked seizures is termed epilepsy, but seizures can occur in people who do not have epilepsy. For more information, see non-epileptic seizure."						Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)						
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Depression	5	Excessive anger	23	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Haloperidol	45-59 years	0.1x	Female	1.2x	White	0.9x
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Psychotic disorder	8	Restlessness	7	Electrocardiogram	Ustekinumab (Stelara)	< 1 years	1.1x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Anxiety	3	Temper problems	12	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Sodium Phenylbutyrate (Phenylbutyrate)	30-44 years	1.1x			Other	0.7x
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Bipolar disorder	7	Drug abuse	9	Urinalysis	Thiamine	75+ years	1.1x			Black	1.1x
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Alcohol abuse	10	Abusing alcohol	6	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	60-74 years	1.2x				
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Personality disorder	23	Delusions or hallucinations	38	Electrolytes panel	Naloxone (Suboxone)	15-29 years	0.7x				
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	7	Disturbance of memory	61	Psychotherapy	Sodium Salicylate	1-4 years	0.3x				
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."	Schizophrenia	12	Difficulty speaking	15	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Molindone (Moban)	5-14 years	1.1x				
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."			Hostile behavior	12		Perphenazine						
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."			Insomnia	27		Ziprasidone (Geodon)						
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."			Depression	15		Olanzapine (Zyprexa)						
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."			Anxiety and nervousness	7		Asenapine (Saphris)						
Depressive or psychotic symptoms	"Also known as Blunted affect, Constricted affect, Difficulty concentrating, Going crazy, Hate everybody, Inhibited, and Mood fluctuation"	"Blunted affect is the scientific term describing a lack of emotional reactivity (affect display) on the part of an individual. It is manifest as a failure to express feelings either verbally or non-verbally, especially when talking about issues that would normally be expected to engage the emotions. Expressive gestures are rare and there is little animation in facial expression or vocal inflection."						Benztropine						
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Burn	2	Hemoptysis	21	Electrocardiogram	Hydrocortisone-Iodoquinol Topical	60-74 years	1.1x	Female	1.2x	Other	1.2x
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	9	Arm pain	42	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Trolamine Salicylate Topical	5-14 years	0.4x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	0.7x
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	4	Sharp chest pain	44	Electrolytes panel	Triprolidine (Actifed)	< 1 years	1.2x			Black	0.8x
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the trunk	12	Hurts to breath	24	Radiographic imaging procedure	Caffeine	45-59 years	1.0x			White	0.7x
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	27	Back pain	32	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Chloroquine	30-44 years	1.2x				
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pneumonia	4	Wrist swelling	6	Intravenous fluid replacement	Pentazocine (Talwin)	1-4 years	0.1x				
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the rib	3	Cough	2	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Trichlormethiazide (Naqua)	15-29 years	1.3x				
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tietze syndrome	2	Shortness of breath	3	Complete blood count (Cbc)	"Belladonna Extract, Usp (Butibel)"	75+ years	0.0x				
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Bones are painful	40		Telithromycin (Ketek)						
Rib pain	Also known as Costal Pain	Rib pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain or soreness of breast	5								
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Contact dermatitis	5	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	10	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Betamethasone Topical Product	15-29 years	1.0x	Female	1.1x	Black	0.8x
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Drug reaction	4	Fluid retention	10	Excision (Removal)	Hydroxyzine	75+ years	1.0x	Male	0.9x	White	1.1x
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Scabies	3	Skin rash	14	Biopsy	Fluocinonide Topical	5-14 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.3x
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Insect bite	15	Skin pain	24	Other gastrointestinal diagnostic procedures	Desonide Topical	< 1 years	0.8x			Other	1.5x
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Pyogenic skin infection	22	Paresthesia	21	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Triamcinolone	45-59 years	1.0x				
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Itching of unknown cause	4	Skin irritation	22	Excision of skin lesion	Permethrin Topical	30-44 years	0.3x				
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Allergy	4	Allergic reaction	50	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Triamcinolone Topical Product	60-74 years	1.4x				
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."	Eczema	7	Skin swelling	9	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Betamethasone-Clotrimazole Topical	1-4 years	0.9x				
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."			Abnormal appearing skin	26		Ketoconazole						
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."			Peripheral edema	20		Hydrocortisone Topical						
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."			Skin growth	13		Clobetasol Topical						
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."			Skin lesion	86		Doxepin						
Itching of skin	Also known as Pruritis	"Itch (Latin: pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has resisted many attempts to classify it as any one type of sensory experience. Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex."						Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)						
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	6	Itchiness of eye	49	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Bepotastine Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.8x	Male	0.9x	Other	0.8x
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	27	Nosebleed	27	Nebulizer therapy	Azelastine Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.2x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.2x
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	12	Sinus congestion	24	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Budesonide Nasal Product	1-4 years	2.4x			Hispanic	1.6x
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Asthma	7	Lacrimation	14	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	75+ years	0.7x			White	1.2x
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute sinusitis	2	Allergic reaction	35	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Desloratadine (Clarinex)	30-44 years	0.6x				
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	29	Itching of skin	36	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Ciclesonide Nasal	45-59 years	2.3x				
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	4	Nasal congestion	10	Lipid panel	Mometasone Nasal Product	15-29 years	0.5x				
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	2	Coryza	10	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Loratadine (Claritin)	60-74 years	4.9x				
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fever	31		Olopatadine Ophthalmic						
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sore throat	90		Levocetirizine (Xyzal)						
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cough	31		Azelastine Nasal						
Sneezing	null	Sneezing is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Headache	85								
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Postpartum depression	2	Pelvic pain	15	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Calcium Polycarbophil (Fibercon)	75+ years	1.6x	Female	1.7x	Hispanic	0.8x
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Depression	2	Pain or soreness of breast	19	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Glucagon	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	0.0x	White	0.9x
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Vulvodynia	3	Lower body pain	15	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Dibucaine Topical	1-4 years	3.7x			Black	1.8x
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Vaginal cyst	3	Vaginal pain	35	Urinalysis	Ergonovine	< 1 years	0.0x			Other	2.1x
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Pelvic inflammatory disease	7	Fainting	15	Intravenous fluid replacement	Methyldopa	30-44 years	0.0x				
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Breast infection (mastitis)	10	Sharp abdominal pain	33	Pelvis exam	Dicloxacillin	15-29 years	0.0x				
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Anemia	3	Fever	38	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Methylergonovine (Methergine)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."	Urinary tract infection	7	Weight gain	65	Electrolytes panel	Modicon	5-14 years	0.0x				
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."			Headache	38		Norethindrone (Loestrin Fe)						
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."			Anxiety and nervousness	30		Nonoxynol 9 Topical						
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."			Depression	15		Desipramine						
Recent pregnancy	Also known as Postpartum Bleeding	"Hemorrhage after delivery, or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), is the loss of greater than 500 ml of blood following vaginal delivery, or 1000 ml of blood following cesarean section. It is the most common cause of perinatal maternal death in the developed world and is a major cause of maternal morbidity worldwide."			Vaginal discharge	11		Cefpodoxime						
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Conductive hearing loss	6	Sore throat	70	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Teriparatide (Forteo)	1-4 years	1.6x	Male	1.0x	Other	0.7x
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Ear wax impaction	6	Headache	7	Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy; biopsy	Sodium Salicylate	30-44 years	1.7x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	39	Dizziness	29	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Iodoquinol	75+ years	0.4x			Black	1.1x
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Otitis media	6	Ear pain	5	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Meclizine	< 1 years	0.5x			White	1.1x
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Tinnitus of unknown cause	8	Plugged feeling in ear	9	Other physical therapy and rehabilitation	Aluminum Sulfate-Calcium Acetate Topical	60-74 years	0.0x				
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Chronic sinusitis	4	Sinus congestion	58	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Demeclocycline	45-59 years	0.1x				
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Sensorineural hearing loss	10	Diminished hearing	46	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Azelastine Nasal	5-14 years	1.0x				
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	3	Neck stiffness or tightness	38	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Carbamide Peroxide Topical	15-29 years	1.3x				
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."			Fluid in ear	7		Epinastine Ophthalmic						
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."			Frontal headache	11		Ginkgo Biloba Extract (Ginkgo)						
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."			Facial pain	25		Triethanolamine Polypeptide Oleate Otic						
Ringing in ear	Also known as Tinnitus	"Tinnitus /_t_n_t_s/ or /t__na_t_s/; from the Latin word tinn_tus meaning ""ringing"" is the perception of sound within the human ear (ringing of the ears) when no actual sound is present. Despite the origin of the name, ""ringing"" is but one of many sounds the person may perceive."			Redness in ear	9								
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Heart failure	2	Sharp abdominal pain	72	Intravenous fluid replacement	Lipase	5-14 years	1.0x	Female	1.3x	Hispanic	0.9x
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	7	Lower abdominal pain	30	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Vecuronium	45-59 years	0.9x	Male	0.8x	White	0.9x
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Inguinal hernia	9	Shortness of breath	43	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Peri-Colace	1-4 years	0.7x			Other	0.9x
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Peripheral edema	26	Electrolytes panel	Cefotetan	60-74 years	1.5x			Black	1.6x
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Abdominal hernia	16	Pelvic pain	11	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Lenalidomide (Revlimid)	75+ years	0.5x				
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ovarian cyst	3	Leg swelling	11	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Sodium Phosphate	15-29 years	1.3x				
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney failure	11	Upper abdominal pain	26	Urinalysis	Magnesium Citrate	< 1 years	0.7x				
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	2	Feeling ill	11	Radiographic imaging procedure	Ampicillin	30-44 years	1.2x				
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Swelling of scrotum	15		"Immunoglobulins, Intravenous (Gammagard)"						
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Painful urination	15		Zanamivir (Relenza)						
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	30		Ioversol						
Swollen abdomen	null	Swollen abdomen is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Groin pain	30								
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Obesity	3	Unpredictable menstruation	10	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Portia	45-59 years	0.0x	Female	0.0x	Other	1.2x
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	45	Intermenstrual bleeding	25	Chlamydia test	Terconazole Topical	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.7x	Hispanic	1.4x
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Vulvodynia	3	Vaginal discharge	28	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Ortho Cyclen	30-44 years	1.6x			Black	0.8x
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Urinary tract infection	3	Lower abdominal pain	18	Standard pregnancy test	Modicon	1-4 years	3.1x			White	1.7x
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Idiopathic absence of menstruation	3	Burning abdominal pain	10	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	"Multivitamin, Prenatal"	15-29 years	0.0x				
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	4	Weight gain	18	Pelvis exam	Nevirapine	5-14 years	0.0x				
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Pregnancy	6	Hot flashes	31	Urinalysis	Medroxyprogesterone	75+ years	0.2x				
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."	Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)	3	Sharp abdominal pain	10	Examination of breast	Progesterone	< 1 years	0.4x				
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."			Pain or soreness of breast	10		Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (Hcg)						
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."			Back pain	10		Nonoxynol 9 Topical						
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."			Nausea	21		Clomiphene (Clomid)						
Absence of menstruation	"Also known as Not menstruating, Amenorrhea, and Lack Of Menses"	"Amenorrhoea (BE), amenorrhea (AmE), or amenorrh프, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age. Physiological states of amenorrhoea are seen during pregnancy and lactation (breastfeeding), the latter also forming the basis of a form of contraception known as the lactational amenorrhoea method. Outside of the reproductive years there is absence of menses during childhood and after menopause."			Pelvic pain	18								
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	11	Facial pain	11	Culture wound	Dicloxacillin	60-74 years	0.4x	Female	1.4x	Hispanic	1.0x
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	8	Swollen eye	11	Blood culture	Clindamycin	30-44 years	0.4x	Male	0.7x	Black	1.0x
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	12	Nasal congestion	32	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Mupirocin Topical	< 1 years	1.1x			White	1.1x
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Nose disorder	4	Abnormal breathing sounds	11	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Sodium Sulfacetamide-Sulfur Topical	15-29 years	0.8x			Other	0.8x
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Head injury	18	Lip swelling	11	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Efavirenz	45-59 years	1.3x				
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne	6	Nosebleed	42	Physical therapy exercises; manipulation; and other procedures	Tigecycline	5-14 years	1.0x				
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	10	Swollen lymph nodes	26	Wound care management	Chlordiazepoxide	75+ years	0.4x				
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the facial bones	9	Abnormal appearing skin	32	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Chlorhexidine Topical	1-4 years	2.9x				
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frontal headache	42		Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)						
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Allergic reaction	11		Gemifloxacin (Factive)						
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Peripheral edema	19		Abacavir						
Redness in or around nose	"Also known as Red nose, Sore nose, and Nasal Inflammation"	Redness in or around nose is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Acne or pimples	11								
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Migraine	11	Paresthesia	17	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dextran 1	1-4 years	0.8x	Female	1.1x	Other	1.1x
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Transient ischemic attack	3	Skin swelling	9	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Fluorouracil Topical	45-59 years	1.5x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	2	Facial pain	47	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	30-44 years	1.4x			White	0.9x
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anxiety	3	Headache	95	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Botulism Antitoxin	75+ years	0.1x			Black	0.8x
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stroke	5	Hand or finger weakness	7	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Lenalidomide (Revlimid)	5-14 years	0.7x				
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Actinic keratosis	3	Tongue lesions	25	Electrocardiogram	Rasagiline (Azilect)	60-74 years	1.2x				
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bell palsy	10	Focal weakness	5	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Acyclovir	15-29 years	0.2x				
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	3	Double vision	17	Radiographic imaging procedure	Gadopentetate Dimeglumine (Magnevist)	< 1 years	0.4x				
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Slurring words	7		Salicylic Acid Topical						
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Loss of sensation	7		Sodium Phosphate						
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lip swelling	17		Famciclovir						
Symptoms of the face	null	Symptoms of the face is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Irregular appearing scalp	36								
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Fibrocystic breast disease	4	Abnormal appearing skin	9	Pelvis exam	Lanolin Topical	15-29 years	0.9x	Male	0.1x	White	0.9x
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Breast cyst	8	Problems during pregnancy	16	Radiographic imaging procedure	Norethindrone (Loestrin Fe)	30-44 years	0.0x	Female	1.7x	Black	1.2x
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Pituitary disorder	17	Lump or mass of breast	9	Biopsy	Portia	1-4 years	0.7x			Hispanic	0.9x
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Galactorrhea of unknown cause	6	Paresthesia	9	Examination of breast	Terbinafine Topical	45-59 years	1.1x			Other	1.3x
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	2	Pain or soreness of breast	22	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Propofol	5-14 years	0.6x				
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Breast cancer	2	Weight gain	9	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Torsemide	60-74 years	0.5x				
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Fibroadenoma	5	Pain during intercourse	9	Mammography (Mammogram)	Terconazole Topical	75+ years	2.2x				
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."	Breast infection (mastitis)	5	Absence of menstruation	52	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Bromocriptine	< 1 years	0.0x				
Bleeding or discharge from nipple	Also known as Nipple Discharge and Breast Discharge	"Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts. Although it is considered normal in a wide variety of circumstances it is the third major reason involving the breasts for which women seek medical attention, after breast lumps and breast pain. It is also known to occur in adolescent boys and girls going through puberty. Discharge often is the result of stimulation of the breasts or by irritation through clothing."			Unpredictable menstruation	70		Nonoxynol 9 Topical						
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	3	Leg pain	33	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.0x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.3x
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Varicose veins	27	Skin irritation	6	Culture wound	Bactrim	15-29 years	0.7x	Female	0.9x	Black	0.7x
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	2	Leg swelling	6	Excision of skin lesion	Colloidal Oatmeal Topical	60-74 years	0.4x			White	0.3x
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	5	Hand or finger cramps or spasms	11	Excision (Removal)	Chlorpheniramine (C.P.M.)	< 1 years	1.2x			Hispanic	1.1x
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	3	Foot or toe lump or mass	6	Wound care management	Dorzolamide Ophthalmic	30-44 years	1.0x				
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	3	Groin mass	19	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Ketamine	5-14 years	1.0x				
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	7	Weight gain	33	Incision and drainage (I d)	Erlotinib (Tarceva)	45-59 years	1.0x				
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lipoma	6	Hand or finger lump or mass	61	Biopsy	Clemastine (Tavist)	1-4 years	0.9x				
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm lump or mass	11		Lidocaine-Prilocaine Topical						
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	15		Sevelamer (Renvela)						
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back mass or lump	6		Cefadroxil						
Leg lump or mass	Also known as Lump On Leg	Leg lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin swelling	11		Clindamycin						
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	1	Swollen lymph nodes	13	Culture wound	Bactrim	75+ years	0.6x	Female	1.3x	White	1.0x
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the hand	2	Sinus congestion	4	Application of splint (Splinting)	Chlorhexidine Topical	45-59 years	1.3x	Male	0.8x	Black	0.7x
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	2	Hand or finger swelling	4	Blood culture	Piroxicam	60-74 years	0.8x			Hispanic	1.0x
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the finger	3	Arm swelling	4	Incision and drainage (I d)	Vancomycin	< 1 years	1.1x			Other	0.9x
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hidradenitis suppurativa	15	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	4	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Pyrazinamide	30-44 years	1.1x				
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	2	Elbow swelling	38	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Dicloxacillin	1-4 years	1.0x				
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Paronychia	2	Hand or finger pain	4	Intravenous fluid replacement	Interferon Alfa-2B (Intron A)	5-14 years	1.0x				
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	46	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	7	Wound care management	Clindamycin	15-29 years	0.2x				
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin on head or neck looks infected	4		Cephalexin						
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shoulder swelling	34		Antihemophilic Factor-Von Willebrand Factor						
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	28								
Skin on arm or hand looks infected	null	Skin on arm or hand looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin irritation	4								
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Depression	23	Drug abuse	16	Mental health counseling	Fluvoxamine (Luvox)	15-29 years	3.7x	Male	1.4x	Black	1.2x
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	18	Fears and phobias	27	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Venlafaxine (Effexor)	60-74 years	0.9x	Female	0.7x	White	0.7x
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Personality disorder	10	Anxiety and nervousness	57	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse)	75+ years	0.3x			Hispanic	0.6x
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Developmental disability	10	Temper problems	9	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Risperidone	1-4 years	0.9x			Other	0.9x
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Psychotic disorder	6	Excessive anger	52	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)	45-59 years	0.4x				
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Anxiety	9	Restlessness	80	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	30-44 years	0.3x				
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)	17	Low self-esteem	16	Psychotherapy	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	< 1 years	1.2x				
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."	Bipolar disorder	32	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	22		Lamotrigine (Lamictal)	5-14 years	0.7x				
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."			Insomnia	57		Atomoxetine (Strattera)						
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."			Hostile behavior	44		Methylphenidate						
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."			Depression	9		Mirtazapine						
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."			Antisocial behavior	22		Chloral Hydrate						
Obsessions and compulsions	null	"The behavior of performing an act persistently and repetitively without it leading to reward or pleasure. The act is usually a small, circumscribed behavior, almost ritualistic, yet not pathologically disturbing. Examples of compulsive behavior include twirling of hair, checking something constantly, not wanting pennies in change, straightening tilted pictures, etc."						Adderall						
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Hyperlipidemia	7	Fatigue	36	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Rotigotine (Neupro)	45-59 years	0.4x	Female	1.2x	Other	1.1x
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	9	Depression	28	Mammography (Mammogram)	Colistimethate	5-14 years	1.6x	Male	0.7x	Hispanic	0.8x
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Osteoarthritis	4	Ache all over	25	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Famciclovir	75+ years	1.3x			Black	0.8x
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Depression	36	Neck pain	20	Lipid panel	Pregabalin (Lyrica)	1-4 years	0.0x			White	0.9x
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Fibromyalgia	4	Cough	24	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Cilostazol	< 1 years	0.7x				
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Chronic pain disorder	3	Headache	35	Other therapeutic procedures	Chlorzoxazone	30-44 years	0.1x				
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	High blood pressure	5	Arm pain	29	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Lactase	15-29 years	0.5x				
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Lumbago	3	Sore throat	29	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Caffeine	60-74 years	1.5x				
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Fever	33		Potassium Phosphate						
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Weakness	33		Milnacipran (Savella)						
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Back pain	37		Turmeric Extract						
Muscle pain	"Also known as Myalgia, Muscle Aches, and Muscle Pains"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Joint pain	21		Trientine						
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the hand	4	Loss of sensation	25	Orthopedic casting	Adalimumab (Humira)	75+ years	1.5x	Male	1.0x	White	1.0x
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Joint effusion	6	Rib pain	25	Application of splint (Splinting)	Iodine Topical	1-4 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	Black	1.0x
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	11	Joint pain	12	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Norethindrone (Loestrin Fe)	5-14 years	0.0x			Hispanic	1.2x
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gout	4	Elbow pain	28	Radiographic imaging procedure	Exemestane (Aromasin)	< 1 years	1.6x			Other	0.7x
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the arm	20	Knee swelling	91	Wound care management		60-74 years	0.5x				
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	11	Hand or finger swelling	49	Plain x-ray (X ray)		15-29 years	0.9x				
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the arm	16	Abnormal appearing skin	6	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)		30-44 years	0.7x				
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	14	Elbow swelling	16	Traction; splints; and other wound care		45-59 years	1.2x				
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger pain	12								
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Wrist stiffness or tightness	28								
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm swelling	6								
Wrist swelling	Also known as Swollen Wrist	Wrist swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Wrist pain	21								
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Hyperlipidemia	4	Difficulty breathing	12	Electrocardiogram	Ropivacaine	15-29 years	1.5x	Female	1.1x	White	1.3x
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Heart failure	3	Increased heart rate	15	Electrolytes panel	Fenofibric Acid (Trilipix)	60-74 years	2.7x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.2x
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Varicose veins	2	Pallor	7	Wound care management	Isopropyl Alcohol Topical	45-59 years	1.4x			Other	0.6x
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Stroke	9	Leg swelling	12	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Ampicillin	1-4 years	0.3x			Black	0.7x
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Coronary atherosclerosis	4	Coughing up sputum	28	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Butoconazole Topical	75+ years	0.4x				
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	High blood pressure	11	Leg pain	7	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Flumazenil	< 1 years	0.7x				
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Hemangioma	5	Abnormal appearing skin	12	Lipid panel	Ephedrine (Kie)	5-14 years	1.5x				
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."	Peripheral arterial disease	9	Swollen or red tonsils	9	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Colloidal Oatmeal Topical	30-44 years	1.2x				
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."			Poor circulation	30		Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)						
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."			Chest tightness	12		Azelaic Acid Topical						
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."			Difficulty in swallowing	7		Benzoyl Peroxide-Erythromycin Topical						
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."			Abnormal involuntary movements	28		Zinc Oxide Topical						
Lymphedema	null	"Lymphedema (lymphoedema in British English), also known as lymphatic obstruction, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. The lymphatic system returns the interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct and then to the bloodstream, where it is recirculated back to the tissues. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection."						Clocortolone Topical						
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spinal stenosis	3	Neck pain	53	Application of splint (Splinting)	Samarium Sm 153 Lexidronam (Quadramet)	30-44 years	1.1x	Male	1.0x	White	1.1x
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	4	Sharp chest pain	33	Radiographic imaging procedure	Imipenem	< 1 years	1.1x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the shoulder	3	Back pain	13	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Gadopentetate Dimeglumine (Magnevist)	1-4 years	0.8x			Black	1.0x
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Carpal tunnel syndrome	3	Loss of sensation	27	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Maprotiline	45-59 years	0.2x			Other	0.9x
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the arm	10	Paresthesia	26	Intravenous fluid replacement	Eptifibatide (Integrilin)	60-74 years	0.9x				
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Wrist pain	25	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Tenecteplase	75+ years	0.6x				
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Brachial neuritis	10	Lower body pain	19	Electrolytes panel	Rotigotine (Neupro)	5-14 years	1.4x				
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	10	Arm swelling	28	Electrocardiogram	Methohexital (Brevital)	15-29 years	0.9x				
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg pain	51		Nesiritide						
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger pain	53		Trolamine Salicylate Topical						
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shoulder pain	20		Fluoxymesterone (Halotestin)						
Arm pain	"Also known as Pain In Arm, Upper Extremity Pain, Upper Limb Pain, and Painful Arm"	Arm pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Elbow pain	18								
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Endometriosis	27	Pain during pregnancy	8	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Mefenamic Acid	30-44 years	0.0x	Male	0.1x	Black	1.3x
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Uterine fibroids	6	Vaginal pain	38	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)	45-59 years	2.0x	Female	1.6x	Other	0.8x
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Vaginitis	8	Vaginal discharge	8	Radiographic imaging procedure	Belladonna-Opium	60-74 years	0.3x			White	1.3x
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Urinary tract infection	3	Heavy menstrual flow	8	Urinalysis	Methylene Blue	75+ years	2.1x			Hispanic	1.4x
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Pelvic inflammatory disease	4	Back pain	26	Standard pregnancy test	Nafarelin (Synarel)	< 1 years	0.1x				
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Vulvodynia	4	Intermenstrual bleeding	10	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Procainamide	15-29 years	0.8x				
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Ovarian cyst	3	Lower abdominal pain	12	Pelvis exam	Liraglutide (Victoza)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	4	Sharp abdominal pain	18	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Sevoflurane	5-14 years	0.0x				
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."			Painful urination	24		Neostigmine						
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."			Pain during intercourse	41		Tinidazole						
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."			Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	25								
Pelvic pain	Also known as Pain In Pelvis	"Pelvic pain is a symptom that can affect both women and men. The pain may indicate the existence of poorly understood conditions that likely represent abnormal psychoneuromuscular function. Acute pain is most common, often experienced by patients after surgery or other soft tissue traumas. It tends to be immediate, severe and short lived. On the other hand, pain that extends beyond a normal recovery period and lasts longer than 36 months constitutes chronic pain."			Frequent urination	16								
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Heart failure	6	Dizziness	34	Radiographic imaging procedure	Sodium Polystyrene Sulfonate (Kayexalate)	60-74 years	1.6x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Hypovolemia	2	Nausea	28	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ceftazidime	30-44 years	0.5x	Female	1.0x	White	0.7x
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Pneumonia	3	Cough	22	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Riluzole	< 1 years	3.7x			Black	1.1x
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	2	Fever	39	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Bosentan (Tracleer)	75+ years	0.1x			Other	1.0x
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Stroke	3	Headache	32	Intravenous fluid replacement	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Anemia	6	Diarrhea	21	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Meropenem	45-59 years	0.6x				
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Urinary tract infection	4	Fainting	44	Electrolytes panel	Insulin Isophane-Insulin Regular	5-14 years	0.1x				
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."	Transient ischemic attack	3	Fatigue	26	Electrocardiogram	Kanamycin	15-29 years	0.9x				
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."			Sharp chest pain	32		Gadopentetate Dimeglumine (Magnevist)						
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."			Vomiting	63		Dopamine						
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."			Shortness of breath	27		Magnesium Amino Acid Chelate						
Weakness	"Also known as Weak all over, Feeling weak, Asthenia, Lassitude, Debility, and Generalized Weakness"	"Weakness is a symptom represented, medically, by a number of different conditions, including: lack of muscle strength, malaise, dizziness, or fatigue. The causes are many and can be divided into conditions that have true or perceived muscle weakness. True muscle weakness is a primary symptom of a variety of skeletal muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy and inflammatory myopathy. It occurs in neuromuscular junction disorders, such as myasthenia gravis."			Decreased appetite	43								
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Tooth abscess	4	Headache	23	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Desflurane	< 1 years	1.6x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.8x
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Bruise	11	Neck pain	11	Culture wound	Benzoin Topical	75+ years	1.0x	Male	1.1x	White	1.0x
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Chronic sinusitis	6	Nasal congestion	40	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Penicillin	60-74 years	0.1x			Other	1.0x
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Pyogenic skin infection	8	Toothache	34	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Dactinomycin	30-44 years	0.7x			Black	1.0x
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Jaw disorder	5	Sinus congestion	10	Blood alcohol	Bilberry Extract	15-29 years	1.4x				
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Temporomandibular joint disorder	5	Pain in eye	13	Incision and drainage (I d)	Lincomycin	1-4 years	0.6x				
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Trigeminal neuralgia	10	Peripheral edema	25	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Corticotropin (Acthar)	5-14 years	0.8x				
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."	Tooth disorder	5	Sore throat	43	Suturing of wound	"Tetanus Immune Globulin, Human"	45-59 years	0.2x				
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."			Sharp chest pain	38		Butenafine Topical						
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."			Ear pain	26								
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."			Jaw swelling	34								
Facial pain	Also known as Pain over eye	"The face is a central sense organ complex, normally on the ventral surface of the head for animals that have one."			Skin swelling	52								
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic pain disorder	17	Neck cramps or spasms	16	Intravenous fluid replacement	Black Cohosh Extract (Black Cohosh)	< 1 years	0.5x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.4x
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fibromyalgia	18	Symptoms of bladder	28	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Tizanidine	75+ years	0.0x	Male	0.9x	White	0.4x
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	24	Leg cramps or spasms	9	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Cyclobenzaprine	15-29 years	0.2x			Black	1.2x
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic back pain	4	Symptoms of eye	9	Urinalysis	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	30-44 years	0.3x			Other	1.0x
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spondylitis	4	Low back pain	9	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	45-59 years	1.6x				
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain after an operation	4	Back stiffness or tightness	9	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Baclofen	5-14 years	0.8x				
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lumbago	10	Arm cramps or spasms	23	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Chlorzoxazone	1-4 years	1.7x				
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	8	Lower body pain	16	Other therapeutic procedures	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	60-74 years	1.0x				
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Rectal bleeding	9		Diazepam (Valium)						
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back pain	9		Quinidine						
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Neck stiffness or tightness	9		Benzocaine-Cetylpyridinium Topical						
Back cramps or spasms	null	Back cramps or spasms is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Problems during pregnancy	80		Methocarbamol						
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteomyelitis	4	Abnormal appearing skin	4	Electrolytes panel	Rifampin	5-14 years	0.9x	Male	0.8x	Hispanic	0.8x
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	5	Leg pain	4	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Sibutramine (Meridia)	< 1 years	1.3x	Female	1.3x	White	1.1x
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Paronychia	51	Symptoms of the kidneys	8	Blood culture	Cephalexin	60-74 years	1.1x			Black	0.8x
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ingrown toe nail	9	Knee swelling	37	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Clindamycin	1-4 years	0.2x			Other	0.9x
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diabetes	7	Foot or toe swelling	7	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Tolnaftate Topical	15-29 years	1.5x				
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Varicose veins	2	Leg swelling	10	Wound care management	Cefadroxil	45-59 years	0.8x				
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic ulcer	3	Ankle swelling	12	Intravenous fluid replacement	Daptomycin	30-44 years	0.5x				
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the knee	4	Skin swelling	17	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Terbinafine Topical	75+ years	1.1x				
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Irregular appearing nails	7		Vancomycin						
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foot or toe pain	29		Cefepime						
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin irritation	23		Tazobactam (Zosyn)						
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Groin mass	2		Probenecid						
Skin on leg or foot looks infected	null	Skin on leg or foot looks infected is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Dicloxacillin						
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Corneal abrasion	8	Itchiness of eye	23	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Ofloxacin Ophthalmic	45-59 years	2.1x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.1x
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Otitis media	39	Eye burns or stings	31	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.5x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	1.3x
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Subconjunctival hemorrhage	4	White discharge from eye	39	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	1-4 years	1.0x			Other	0.9x
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Common cold	6	Cough	23	Diagnostic procedures on eye	Tetracaine (One Touch)	75+ years	0.8x			White	1.2x
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Conjunctivitis	9	Foreign body sensation in eye	14	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	60-74 years	2.8x				
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Conjunctivitis due to virus	3	Diminished vision	21	Other extraocular muscle and orbit therapeutic procedures	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.7x				
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	4	Swollen eye	29	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Erythromycin Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.4x				
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	4	Fever	16		Proparacaine Ophthalmic	15-29 years	2.0x				
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."			Nasal congestion	45		Olopatadine Ophthalmic						
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."			Lacrimation	50		Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic						
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."			Pain in eye	65		Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."			Symptoms of eye	25		Erythromycin						
Eye redness	"Also known as Pinkeye, Bloodshot eye, and Red eye"	"In medicine, red eye is a non-specific term to describe an eye that appears red due to illness or injury. The term usually refers to injection and prominence of the superficial blood vessels of the conjunctiva, or sclera, which may be caused by disorders of these or adjacent structures. Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes."						Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Foreign body in the eye	11	Burning chest pain	8	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	< 1 years	1.1x	Male	0.9x	Black	1.2x
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Cornea infection	4	Pain in eye	34	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.2x	Female	1.1x	Other	0.8x
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Conjunctivitis	11	Foreign body sensation in eye	58	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	1-4 years	0.8x			Hispanic	0.9x
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Cataract	7	Diminished vision	27	Glaucoma procedures	Erythromycin	45-59 years	0.9x			White	1.3x
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	4	Lip swelling	18	Lens and cataract procedures	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	75+ years	0.0x				
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Dry eye of unknown cause	16	Swollen eye	8	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Tetracaine (One Touch)	60-74 years	1.4x				
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Chronic glaucoma	10	Eye redness	18		Tobramycin (Tobi)	15-29 years	1.1x				
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."	Corneal abrasion	4	Spots or clouds in vision	72		Loteprednol Ophthalmic	5-14 years	1.1x				
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."			Headache	52		Fluorescein Ophthalmic						
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."			Itchiness of eye	36		Naphazoline Ophthalmic						
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."			Lacrimation	48		Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."			Symptoms of eye	70		Olopatadine Ophthalmic						
Eye burns or stings	Also known as Eye burns or stings	"Corneal and conjunctival dryness due to deficient tear production, predominantly in menopausal and post-menopausal women. Filamentary keratitis or erosion of the conjunctival and corneal epithelium may be caused by these disorders. Sensation of the presence of a foreign body in the eye and burning of the eyes may occur."						Cyclosporine Ophthalmic						
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sensorineural hearing loss	24	Ear pain	33	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Epinastine Ophthalmic	15-29 years	0.7x	Female	1.0x	Black	1.5x
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	8	Throat irritation	33	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Pramipexole (Mirapex)	30-44 years	1.2x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.1x
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	6	Nasal congestion	43	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Mometasone Nasal Product	60-74 years	0.9x			White	1.1x
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	10	Frontal headache	19	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Azelastine Nasal	45-59 years	0.5x			Hispanic	0.6x
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	18	Dizziness	43	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Acetic Acid Topical	75+ years	1.3x				
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	6	Low back pain	19	Mammography (Mammogram)	Acetic Acid	5-14 years	0.7x				
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ear wax impaction	6	Diminished hearing	64	Excision of skin lesion	Prednisolone-Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	1-4 years	0.9x				
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	4	Fluid in ear	27	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Fluocinolone Otic	< 1 years	1.7x				
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Coryza	27		Cisatracurium (Nimbex)						
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Plugged feeling in ear	27		Betamethasone Topical Product						
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin rash	27								
Itchy ear(s)	null	Itchy ear(s) is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cough	33								
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Atrial flutter	4	Sweating	8	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Flecainide	45-59 years	1.2x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.3x
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Heart failure	4	Anxiety and nervousness	1	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Diltiazem	1-4 years	1.7x	Male	1.1x	Black	0.7x
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Atrial fibrillation	5	Shortness of breath	27	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Sotalol	< 1 years	0.1x			White	0.5x
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Arrhythmia	14	Decreased heart rate	24	Radiographic imaging procedure	Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)	30-44 years	1.0x			Hispanic	0.6x
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Anxiety	3	Increased heart rate	41	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Propafenone	15-29 years	1.5x				
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	High blood pressure	10	Palpitations	16	Electrocardiogram	Adenosine	5-14 years	0.1x				
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Sinus bradycardia	7	Cramps and spasms	48	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Cholestyramine Resin (Questran)	60-74 years	0.3x				
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."	Coronary atherosclerosis	4	Burning chest pain	57	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Ibutilide	75+ years	0.9x				
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."			Chest tightness	5		Methimazole						
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."			Dizziness	20		Thyrotropin Alfa (Usp) (Thyrogen)						
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."			Sharp chest pain	55		Carbon Dioxide						
Irregular heartbeat	null	"Cardiac dysrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is any of a large and heterogeneous group of conditions in which there is abnormal electrical activity in the heart. The heartbeat may be too fast or too slow, and may be regular or irregular. A heart beat that is too fast is called tachycardia and a heart beat that is too slow is called bradycardia. Although many arrhythmias are not life-threatening, some can cause cardiac arrest."			Fainting	4		Nedocromil						
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Osteoarthritis	4	Rib pain	9	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Methylsulfonylmethane	1-4 years	1.0x	Male	1.1x	White	1.0x
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Bone disorder	7	Back pain	26	Biopsy	Teriparatide (Forteo)	15-29 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	Black	0.8x
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Sprain or strain	2	Fluid retention	25	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Becaplermin Topical	30-44 years	1.0x			Other	0.9x
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Fracture of the shoulder	3	Leg lump or mass	2	Application of splint (Splinting)	Pentazocine (Talwin)	< 1 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.1x
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Lumbago	2	Arm stiffness or tightness	17	Examination of breast	Tapentadol (Nucynta)	75+ years	0.4x				
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Fracture of the vertebra	3	Neck mass	2	Radiographic imaging procedure	Clemastine (Tavist)	60-74 years	1.2x				
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Bruise	2	Shoulder pain	5	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Ethosuximide	45-59 years	0.3x				
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).	Chronic back pain	10	Smoking problems	2	Excision (Removal)	Alosetron (Lotronex)	5-14 years	1.2x				
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).			Sharp chest pain	28		Ethambutol						
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).			Hurts to breath	5		Cisatracurium (Nimbex)						
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).			Leg weakness	5		Coal Tar-Salicylic Acid Topical						
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).			Lack of growth	2		Deferasirox (Exjade)						
Bones are painful	"Also known as Bone Pain, Skeletal Pain, and Ostalgia"	Ostalgie is a German term referring to nostalgia for aspects of life in East Germany. It is derived from the German words Ost (east) and Nostalgie (nostalgia).						Diphenoxylate (Lomotil)						
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Concussion	2	Fever	6	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Prochlorperazine (Compro)	30-44 years	1.4x	Male	0.8x	Other	1.1x
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Chronic sinusitis	4	Vomiting	38	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Eletriptan (Relpax)	75+ years	1.0x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.0x
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Tension headache	3	Facial pain	34	Radiographic imaging procedure	Frovatriptan (Frova)	45-59 years	0.0x			White	1.0x
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Head injury	13	Dizziness	41	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Rizatriptan (Maxalt)	5-14 years	1.4x			Hispanic	0.9x
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Bruise	5	Cough	18	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Almotriptan (Axert)	15-29 years	0.2x				
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Migraine	2	Diminished vision	3	Electrolytes panel	Zolmitriptan (Zomig)	< 1 years	1.4x				
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Common cold	6	Sinus congestion	41	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Midrin	1-4 years	0.5x				
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."	Acute sinusitis	2	Sore throat	10	Intravenous fluid replacement	Nalbuphine (Nubain)	60-74 years	0.6x				
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."			Nausea	37		Sumatriptan (Imitrex)						
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."			Neck stiffness or tightness	33								
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."			Neck pain	4								
Headache	"Also known as Migraine, Head Ache, Cephalgia, Head Pain, and Cranial Pain"	"A headache or cephalalgia is pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck. The brain tissue itself is not sensitive to pain because it lacks pain receptors. Rather, the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain. Nine areas of the head and neck have these pain-sensitive structures, which are the cranium (the periosteum of the skull), muscles, nerves, arteries and veins, subcutaneous tissues, eyes, ears, sinuses and mucous membranes."			Frontal headache	41								
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Asthma	3	Back pain	63	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Lipase	30-44 years	0.9x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	1.0x
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Heart failure	3	Sharp chest pain	12	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Potassium Phosphate-Sodium Phosphate (Neutra-Phos)	< 1 years	1.0x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.0x
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Acute bronchitis	7	Abnormal breathing sounds	12	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Bilberry Extract	45-59 years	2.1x			White	0.6x
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Common cold	3	Increased heart rate	26	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Cinnamon Preparation	15-29 years	1.1x			Other	1.0x
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	10	Hoarse voice	63	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Probenecid	5-14 years	1.1x				
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Bruise	4	Chest tightness	35	Electrocardiogram	Ciclesonide (Omnaris)	75+ years	1.1x				
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Pneumonia	9	Shortness of breath	47	Intravenous fluid replacement	Amylases	60-74 years	0.6x				
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."	Pleural effusion	7	Fever	32	Radiographic imaging procedure	Chlorzoxazone	1-4 years	0.9x				
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."			Coughing up sputum	4								
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."			Wheezing	8								
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."			Cough	19								
Hurts to breath	"Also known as Painful Respiration, Painful Breathing, Pleuritic chest pain, Pleuritic Pain, and Pleurodynia"	"Pleurisy (also known as pleuritis) is an inflammation of the pleura, the lining surrounding the lungs. There are many possible causes of pleurisy but viral infections spreading from the lungs to pleural cavity are the most common. The inflamed pleural layers rub against each other every time the lungs expand to breathe in air. This can cause sharp pain when breathing, also called pleuritic chest pain."			Rib pain	30								
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	1	Diarrhea	62	Intravenous fluid replacement	Psyllium	30-44 years	0.9x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.2x
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Chronic constipation	1	Blood in stool	40	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Magnesium Sulfate	1-4 years	1.6x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.1x
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Colorectal cancer	8	Painful urination	40	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Methylcellulose (Citrucel)	75+ years	0.9x			White	1.3x
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Hemorrhoids	21	Cramps and spasms	17	Standard pregnancy test	Mebendazole	45-59 years	0.1x			Hispanic	0.9x
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Perirectal infection	9	Lower abdominal pain	25	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Hydrocortisone	< 1 years	1.4x				
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Anal fistula	5	Vaginal pain	20	Rectal examination	Hydrocortisone-Pramoxine Topical	60-74 years	0.5x				
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Rectal disorder	3	Constipation	26	Sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy	Calcium Polycarbophil (Fibercon)	5-14 years	0.8x				
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.	Anal fissure	31	Rectal bleeding	14	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Docusate (Colace)	15-29 years	0.1x				
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.			Mass or swelling around the anus	6		Hydrocortisone Topical						
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.			Pain in testicles	4		Magnesium Citrate						
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.			Itching of the anus	19		Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)						
Pain of the anus	"Also known as Irritation of the anus, Burning of the anus, Anal pain, Rectal Pain, Proctalgia, and Rectalgia"	Rectal pain is the symptom of pain in the area of the rectum. A number of different causes (68) have been documented.			Sharp abdominal pain	16		Pramoxine Topical						
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Asthma	7	Ear pain	50	Plastic procedures on nose (Rhinoplasty)	Robitussin Dm	75+ years	3.0x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.3x
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	10	Nasal congestion	8	Nebulizer therapy	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	30-44 years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	White	1.0x
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Otitis media	6	Frontal headache	8	Other respiratory therapy	Dextromethorphan (Duramax)	45-59 years	0.4x			Black	1.1x
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Acute sinusitis	10	Painful sinuses	6	Incision of pleura; thoracentesis; chest drainage	Robitussin Ac	5-14 years	0.8x			Other	0.9x
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Common cold	41	Wheezing	58	Influenzavirus antibody assay		15-29 years	3.5x				
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Chronic sinusitis	5	Sore throat	9	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx		1-4 years	0.6x				
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Acute bronchitis	3	Flu-like syndrome	15	Physical therapy exercises; manipulation; and other procedures		60-74 years	1.4x				
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."	Pneumonia	9	Congestion in chest	4	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)		< 1 years	0.8x				
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."			Cough	34								
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."			Coughing up sputum	78								
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."			Pulling at ears	21								
Coryza	"Also known as Rhinorrhea, Coryza, Drippy nose, Sniffles, Nasal Discharge, Nasal Catarrh, Discharge From Nose, Snuffles, Nose Run, and Dripping Nose"	"Coryza is a word describing the symptoms of a ""cold"". It describes the inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the nasal cavity which usually gives rise to the symptoms of nasal congestion and loss of smell, among other symptoms. Coryza may not always have an infectious or allergenic etiology and can be due to something as innocuous as a cold wind, spicy food or tender points in the muscles of the neck such as the sternocleidomastoid. It is also a symptom of narcotic withdrawal. Coryza is classically used in association with the ""four Cs"" of measles infection: cough, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots, and coryza."			Fever	43								
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Skin polyp	4	Irregular appearing scalp	25	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Griseofulvin	30-44 years	1.2x	Male	0.7x	Hispanic	1.0x
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Hypothyroidism	4	Warts	11	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Betamethasone Topical Product	15-29 years	0.1x	Female	1.2x	Other	1.1x
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Seborrheic dermatitis	2	Acne or pimples	29	Mammography (Mammogram)	Finasteride (Propecia)	60-74 years	1.3x			Black	1.0x
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Viral warts	2	Skin moles	7	Therapeutic radiology for cancer treatment (Irradiation)	Salicylic Acid Topical	75+ years	1.1x			White	1.5x
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Fungal infection of the skin	62	Weight gain	17	Other therapeutic procedures	Minoxidil (Rogaine)	5-14 years	1.2x				
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Alopecia	4	Unpredictable menstruation	11	Biopsy	Ketoconazole	1-4 years	0.9x				
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Acne	5	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	7	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Minoxidil Topical	< 1 years	0.3x				
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."	Contact dermatitis	6	Skin swelling	27	Lipid panel	Azelaic Acid Topical	45-59 years	0.8x				
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."			Itchy scalp	14		Triamcinolone Topical Product						
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."			Irregular appearing nails	22		Fluocinonide Topical						
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."			Dry or flaky scalp	11		Selenium Sulfide Topical						
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."			Skin rash	17		Clobetasol Topical						
Too little hair	"Also known as Alopecia, Baldness, Hair falling out, Losing hair, Hair loss, and Balding"	"Hair loss or baldness (technically known as alopecia) is a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to a general hair loss, or specific patterns associated such as with male pattern baldness. Extreme forms of alopecia areata are alopecia totalis, which involves the loss of all head hair, and the most extreme form, alopecia universalis, which involves the loss of all hair from the head and the body."						Biotin						
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	2	Headache	4	Other therapeutic procedures	Milnacipran (Savella)	5-14 years	0.2x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.2x
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Flu	3	Fever	24	Blood culture	Papain-Urea Topical	75+ years	1.3x	Female	1.1x	White	1.0x
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Osteoarthritis	5	Fluid retention	51	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	< 1 years	0.9x			Black	1.0x
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Fibromyalgia	3	Muscle pain	46	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Urea	45-59 years	1.3x			Hispanic	0.9x
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Common cold	3	Sore throat	3	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Lyme Disease Vaccine	1-4 years	1.2x				
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Chronic back pain	2	Flu-like syndrome	4	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Insulin Isophane-Insulin Regular	60-74 years	0.5x				
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Chronic pain disorder	8	Sweating	3	Standard pregnancy test	Romiplostim (Nplate)	15-29 years	0.7x				
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."	Lumbago	4	Cramps and spasms	34	Intravenous fluid replacement	Dabigatran	30-44 years	0.1x				
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Stiffness all over	6		Pitcher Plant						
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Chills	11		Betamethasone						
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Coughing up sputum	39								
Ache all over	"Also known as Body pain, Body aches, and Generalized Body Aches"	"Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. The most common causes are the overuse or over-stretching of a muscle or group of muscles. Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections. Longer-term myalgias may be indicative of a metabolic myopathy, some nutritional deficiencies or chronic fatigue syndrome."			Cough	6								
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Otitis media	3	Depression	62	Toxicology screen	Haloperidol	5-14 years	1.0x	Female	0.8x	Black	0.9x
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Conduct disorder	9	Temper problems	52	Urinalysis	Lorazepam	30-44 years	0.3x	Male	1.3x	Hispanic	1.3x
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Anxiety	3	Constipation	36	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	75+ years	5.3x			White	0.9x
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Depression	5	Restlessness	10	Intravenous fluid replacement	Lithium (Li)	< 1 years	0.2x			Other	1.4x
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Schizophrenia	11	Infant feeding problem	31	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Benztropine	1-4 years	0.9x				
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Alcohol abuse	5	Fever	18	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	45-59 years	0.7x				
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Bipolar disorder	14	Fainting	36	Blood alcohol	Risperidone	15-29 years	3.5x				
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."	Psychotic disorder	7	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	18	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Benzocaine Topical	60-74 years	0.8x				
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."			Hostile behavior	54		Olanzapine (Zyprexa)						
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."			Delusions or hallucinations	25		Chlorpromazine (Thorazine)						
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."			Pulling at ears	18		Fluvoxamine (Luvox)						
Hysterical behavior	Also known as Hysteria	"Hysteria, in its colloquial use, describes unmanageable emotional excesses. People who are ""hysterical"" often lose self-control due to an overwhelming fear that may be caused by events in one's past that involved some sort of severe conflict. The fear can be centered on a body part, or most commonly, on an imagined problem with that body part. Disease is a common complaint; see also body dysmorphic disorder and hypochondriasis. Generally, modern medical professionals have given up the use of ""hysteria"" as a diagnostic category, replacing it with more precisely defined categories such as somatization disorder. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association officially changed the diagnosis of ""hysterical neurosis, conversion type"" to ""conversion disorder""."			Sharp abdominal pain	10		Ketamine						
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Brachial neuritis	4	Arm pain	37	Radiographic imaging procedure	Cisatracurium (Nimbex)	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.1x	Other	0.8x
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Chronic pain disorder	5	Loss of sensation	40	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Carisoprodol (Soma)	45-59 years	1.0x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.1x
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Sprain or strain	27	Neck stiffness or tightness	8	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Chlorzoxazone	30-44 years	0.9x			Black	0.8x
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Chronic back pain	6	Headache	24	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Botulism Antitoxin	< 1 years	1.4x			White	1.0x
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Degenerative disc disease	5	Lower body pain	20	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Salsalate	5-14 years	0.5x				
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Fibromyalgia	4	Low back pain	13	Other therapeutic procedures	Methocarbamol	1-4 years	1.5x				
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Spinal stenosis	4	Neck swelling	5	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Diclofenac Topical Product	75+ years	0.1x				
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."	Bruise	21	Paresthesia	71	Insertion of catheter or spinal stimulator and injection into spinal canal	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	15-29 years	0.6x				
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."			Facial pain	57		Ropivacaine						
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."			Back pain	9		Cyclobenzaprine						
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."			Shoulder pain	60		Oxymorphone (Opana)						
Neck pain	"Also known as Sore neck, Pain In Neck, Cervicalgia, Painful Neck, and Neck Ache"	"Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives."			Sharp chest pain	12		Orphenadrine (Flexon)						
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	7	Flu-like syndrome	37	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Budesonide Nasal Product	45-59 years	1.2x	Female	1.0x	Black	1.1x
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	3	Chest tightness	55	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Moexipril	30-44 years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	5	Headache	12	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Azelastine Nasal	60-74 years	1.1x			White	1.0x
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	7	Swollen lymph nodes	54	Nebulizer therapy	Carbamide Peroxide Otic	75+ years	0.9x			Other	0.8x
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Strep throat	21	Shortness of breath	51	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Danazol	< 1 years	1.9x				
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	5	Sore throat	20	Diagnostic procedures on ear		1-4 years	0.9x				
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	4	Hoarse voice	25	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx		15-29 years	0.8x				
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	4	Cough	12	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy		5-14 years	1.0x				
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Allergic reaction	12								
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Nasal congestion	24								
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal breathing sounds	12								
Throat feels tight	null	Throat feels tight is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fever	24								
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Flu	5	Chills	61	Intravenous fluid replacement	Peginterferon Alfa-2B (Sylatron)	< 1 years	1.1x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.2x
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Common cold	4	Coryza	27	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Ribavirin	15-29 years	0.5x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.5x
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Asthma	6	Coughing up sputum	31	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Lipase	5-14 years	0.9x			White	0.9x
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Pneumonia	3	Cough	50	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Benzonatate	30-44 years	0.9x			Black	0.8x
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Chronic sinusitis	7	Headache	6	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Robitussin Ac	60-74 years	1.5x				
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Acute bronchitis	14	Ache all over	27	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	1-4 years	1.3x				
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Acute sinusitis	3	Throat feels tight	5	Electrolytes panel	Amylases	45-59 years	1.0x				
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	24	Joint pain	7	Urinalysis	Cefotaxime	75+ years	0.5x				
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."			Sore throat	37								
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."			Vomiting	14								
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."			Fever	25								
Flu-like syndrome	null	"Influenza-like illness (ILI), also known as acute respiratory infection (ARI) and flu-like syndrome/symptoms, is a medical diagnosis of possible influenza or other illness causing a set of common symptoms. Here, SARI refers to Severe Acute Respiratory Infection."			Nasal congestion	27								
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Knee ligament or meniscus tear	16	Knee pain	93	Application of splint (Splinting)	Arnica Topical	45-59 years	0.8x	Female	0.8x	White	0.7x
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	7	Joint pain	21	Arterial blood gases (ABGs)	Betamethasone	1-4 years	0.7x	Male	1.2x	Black	1.3x
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	18	Ankle swelling	3	Radiographic imaging procedure	Aztreonam	5-14 years	1.1x			Other	0.9x
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic knee pain	8	Knee lump or mass	17	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Fosamprenavir (Lexiva)	15-29 years	1.6x			Hispanic	0.9x
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	6	Swollen abdomen	3	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	"Albumin Human, Usp (Albutein)"	30-44 years	1.2x				
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	14	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	6	Incision and drainage (I d)	Rifampin	75+ years	0.9x				
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Joint effusion	17	Knee stiffness or tightness	6	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Sulindac	60-74 years	0.2x				
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	4	Knee weakness	12	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Saxagliptin (Onglyza)	< 1 years	0.1x				
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	24		Colchicine						
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg swelling	11		Methionine						
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Wrist swelling	5		Streptomycin						
Knee swelling	Also known as Swollen Knee	Knee swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg weakness	3		Pemetrexed (Alimta)						
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	2	Vomiting	26	Incision and drainage (I d)	Cyclosporine	60-74 years	0.7x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.4x
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cerebral palsy	8	Depression	26	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Phenol Topical	1-4 years	0.5x	Male	1.1x	White	0.9x
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypothyroidism	3	Burning abdominal pain	32	Blood culture	Modafinil (Provigil)	5-14 years	5.0x			Other	1.2x
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dental caries	3	Mouth pain	32	Psychotherapy	Captopril	15-29 years	0.5x			Black	0.9x
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eating disorder	4	Diarrhea	26	Intravenous fluid replacement	Baclofen	< 1 years	0.7x				
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	5	Nausea	41	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Glycopyrrolate	75+ years	1.1x				
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth disorder	2	Ache all over	37		Sodium Hypochlorite Topical	30-44 years	0.6x				
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	White blood cell disease	2	Toothache	26		Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	45-59 years	1.0x				
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lack of growth	45		"Immunoglobulins, Intravenous (Gammagard)"						
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fever	37		Primidone						
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Difficulty in swallowing	49		Sterile Water						
Difficulty eating	Also known as Trouble Eating	Difficulty eating is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sore throat	26								
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Threatened pregnancy	4	Pelvic pressure	29	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Multivitamin With Iron	60-74 years	0.0x	Female	1.7x	White	0.7x
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	6	Peripheral edema	36	Urinalysis	Rho(D) Immune Globulin (Rhogam)	30-44 years	1.5x	Male	0.0x	Hispanic	1.4x
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypovolemia	3	Nausea	52	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Terconazole Topical	< 1 years	0.0x			Other	1.5x
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Problem during pregnancy	2	Uterine contractions	13	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Nelfinavir (Viracept)	75+ years	0.0x			Black	1.6x
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Postpartum depression	1	Cramps and spasms	13	Pelvis exam	Crotamiton Topical	1-4 years	0.0x				
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gestational diabetes	6	Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	57	Electrolytes panel	"Multivitamin, Prenatal"	15-29 years	0.0x				
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hyperemesis gravidarum	24	Heartburn	54	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Doxylamine (Unisom)	45-59 years	3.8x				
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pregnancy	7	Vaginal discharge	14	Intravenous fluid replacement	Methylergonovine (Methergine)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vomiting	9		Miconazole Topical Product						
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vaginal itching	37		Methyldopa						
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain during pregnancy	13		Terbutaline						
Problems during pregnancy	Also known as Decreased Fetal Movement	Problems during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	17		Oxytocin						
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stroke	7	Knee stiffness or tightness	18	Radiographic imaging procedure	Mexiletine	30-44 years	0.4x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.0x
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rheumatoid arthritis	6	Paresthesia	10	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Cromolyn (Viz-On)	45-59 years	1.9x	Male	1.1x	Hispanic	0.6x
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Brachial neuritis	3	Leg weakness	44	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Fluvoxamine (Luvox)	75+ years	1.8x			White	1.1x
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	4	Hand or finger lump or mass	51	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Sulindac	< 1 years	0.8x			Black	1.0x
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Complex regional pain syndrome	17	Loss of sensation	54	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Modafinil (Provigil)	60-74 years	1.5x				
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Carpal tunnel syndrome	6	Hand or finger pain	71	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Quinine	15-29 years	0.0x				
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	3	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	24	Electrocardiogram	Leflunomide (Arava)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Mononeuritis	8	Symptoms of the face	24	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Riluzole	5-14 years	0.0x				
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm weakness	35		Triamcinolone Topical Product						
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diminished vision	18		Sibutramine (Meridia)						
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Wrist weakness	18		Ropinirole						
Hand or finger weakness	null	Hand or finger weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal involuntary movements	18		Sulfasalazine						
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Alcohol abuse	8	Anxiety and nervousness	27	Psychotherapy	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	45-59 years	0.3x	Female	0.7x	Black	0.9x
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Bipolar disorder	9	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	31	Mental health counseling	Desmopressin	5-14 years	1.0x	Male	1.3x	White	1.1x
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Anxiety	23	Chills	27	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Lithium (Li)	1-4 years	0.7x			Hispanic	0.9x
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Alcohol withdrawal	5	Temper problems	31	Electrolytes panel	Droperidol	15-29 years	1.0x			Other	0.5x
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	14	Vomiting	63	Blood alcohol	Fluoxetine (Prozac)	< 1 years	0.3x				
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Depression	15	Sharp chest pain	21	Intravenous fluid replacement	Magnesium Hydroxide (M.A.H.)	75+ years	1.2x				
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Drug withdrawal	6	Nausea	35	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Methylphenidate	60-74 years	1.4x				
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."	Drug abuse	9	Abnormal involuntary movements	31	Toxicology screen	Chlordiazepoxide	30-44 years	1.4x				
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."			Abusing alcohol	56		Carbamazepine						
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."			Excessive anger	27		Thiamine						
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."			Depression	60		Buprenorphine (Suboxone)						
Antisocial behavior	"Also known as Avoiding people, Excessive shyness, Lying, Social isolation, and Withdrawal"	"Anti-social behaviour is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and may cause damage to the society, whether intentionally or through negligence. This is opposed to pro-social behaviour, which is behaviour that helps or benefits the society. Criminal and civil laws in various countries attempt to offer remedies for anti-social behaviour. Anti-social behaviour is labelled as such when it is deemed contrary to prevailing norms for social conduct. This encompasses a large spectrum of actions. Murder, rape, use of illegal substances, and a wide variety of activities are deemed anti-social behaviours. In addition to actions that oppose established law, anti-social actions also include activities that members of society マd objectionable even if they are legal, such as drunkenness and sexual promiscuity."			Sweating	27		Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal)						
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Chronic pain disorder	14	Lower body pain	13	Intravenous fluid replacement	Methocarbamol	1-4 years	1.4x	Female	1.0x	Black	0.7x
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Degenerative disc disease	3	Leg pain	25	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	75+ years	0.3x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Chronic back pain	4	Pain during pregnancy	28	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Reteplase	30-44 years	0.9x			White	0.9x
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Bruise	21	Sharp abdominal pain	48	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Cyclobenzaprine	5-14 years	1.5x			Other	1.1x
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Sprain or strain	4	Neck pain	10	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Cisatracurium (Nimbex)	60-74 years	0.8x				
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Lumbago	5	Back cramps or spasms	18	Radiographic imaging procedure	Oxandrolone	15-29 years	0.0x				
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Spinal stenosis	6	Sharp chest pain	2	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."	Urinary tract infection	17	Headache	2	Urinalysis	Choline	< 1 years	1.1x				
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."			Back stiffness or tightness	38		Iopamidol (Isovue)						
Back pain	"Also known as Backache, Dorsal Pain, Dorsalgia, Dorsodynia, and Notalgia"	"Back pain is pain felt in the back that usually originates from the muscles, nerves, bones, joints or other structures in the spine."			Hip pain	26		Chlorzoxazone						
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Diabetes	3	Dizziness	55	Lens and cataract procedures	Gatifloxacin (Zymar)	5-14 years	0.1x	Male	1.0x	White	1.0x
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Macular degeneration	4	Eye burns or stings	5	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	75+ years	2.1x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Migraine	25	Foreign body sensation in eye	9	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	15-29 years	0.1x			Hispanic	1.0x
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Chronic glaucoma	10	Double vision	12	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Latanoprost	1-4 years	0.6x			Black	1.1x
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Diabetic retinopathy	5	Headache	9	Other intraocular therapeutic procedures	Travoprost (Travatan)	< 1 years	0.7x				
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Dry eye of unknown cause	7	Lacrimation	15	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	60-74 years	0.5x				
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Cataract	5	Blindness	33	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Timolol	45-59 years	1.7x				
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.	Myopia	4	Itchiness of eye	8	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Cyclopentolate Ophthalmic	30-44 years	1.2x				
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.			Symptoms of eye	34		Phenylephrine (Duramax)						
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.			Eye redness	28		Proparacaine Ophthalmic						
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.			Spots or clouds in vision	15		Prednisolone Ophthalmic						
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.			Pain in eye	17		Tropicamide Ophthalmic						
Diminished vision	"Also known as Blurred vision, Difficulty reading, Eyes won't focus, Can't see distances, Blurry vision, Seeing halos around light, Low vision, Impaired Vision, and Dim Vision"	Blurred vision is an ocular symptom.						Tetracaine (One Touch)						
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Abdominal hernia	2	Stomach bloating	8	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Darunavir (Prezista)	60-74 years	1.2x	Female	1.3x	Other	0.7x
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Inguinal hernia	7	Swollen abdomen	8	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (Hcg)	1-4 years	0.6x	Male	0.8x	Black	0.9x
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	3	Lower abdominal pain	4	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Lutein	< 1 years	1.0x			White	1.1x
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Obesity	22	Neck mass	8	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Erlotinib (Tarceva)	15-29 years	0.8x			Hispanic	1.0x
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	2	Back mass or lump	4	Excision (Removal)	Saxagliptin (Onglyza)	45-59 years	0.5x				
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Uterine fibroids	1	Skin irritation	14	Lipid panel	Iopamidol (Isovue)	5-14 years	1.0x				
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hydrocele of the testicle	19	Sharp abdominal pain	8	Pelvis exam	Tolnaftate Topical	75+ years	1.3x				
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lipoma	1	Hesitancy	44	Other OR therapeutic nervous system procedures	Vincristine	30-44 years	0.8x				
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in testicles	27		Orlistat (Alli)						
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Vaginal pain	8		Granisetron						
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Difficulty in swallowing	39		Trihexyphenidyl (Artane)						
Groin mass	Also known as Mass in groin and Inguinal mass	Groin mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Groin pain	8		Chondroitin						
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	14	Disturbance of smell or taste	19	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	M-Cresyl Acetate Otic	45-59 years	0.3x	Female	1.2x	Hispanic	0.9x
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Ear wax impaction	6	Ringing in ear	4	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Ofloxacin	75+ years	1.3x	Male	0.8x	Black	1.6x
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Otitis media	5	Hoarse voice	5	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Carbamide Peroxide Otic	1-4 years	0.6x			Other	0.8x
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Conductive hearing loss	4	Drainage in throat	8	Excision (Removal)	Prednisolone-Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.8x			White	1.0x
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	21	Ear pain	52	Other therapeutic procedures	Mineral Oil (Stye)	5-14 years	0.7x				
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Tinnitus of unknown cause	4	Swollen or red tonsils	46	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Chlorpromazine (Thorazine)	60-74 years	0.9x				
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Sensorineural hearing loss	22	Difficulty speaking	3	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Acetic Acid Topical	15-29 years	2.1x				
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."	Chronic sinusitis	20	Dizziness	33	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Triethanolamine Polypeptide Oleate Otic	< 1 years	1.5x				
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."			Redness in ear	33		Ethanol (On Guard)						
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."			Fluid in ear	3		Hydrogen Peroxide Topical						
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."			Plugged feeling in ear	2		Olopatadine Nasal						
Diminished hearing	"Also known as Deafness, Partial Hearing Loss, Loss Of Hearing, Impaired Hearing, Decreased Hearing, Reduced Hearing, Difficulty Hearing, Hard Of Hearing, and Hypoacusis"	"Deafness, hearing impairment, or hearing loss is a partial or total inability to hear. It is caused by many different factors, including but not limited to age, noise, illness, chemicals and physical trauma. There is a diagnosis to determine the severity of the hearing impairment, and it is measured in decibels. It may be ranked as mild, moderate, moderately severe, severe or profound. There are a number of measures that can be taken to prevent hearing loss, but in some cases it is impossible to reverse or prevent. Many new technological advancements have been made to improve the hearing of those who are hearing impaired. However, some of these technologies have caused controversy in the deaf community."			Throat feels tight	9								
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Idiopathic absence of menstruation	4	Pelvic pain	39	Examination of breast	Adapalene Topical	30-44 years	1.1x	Male	1.7x	White	0.8x
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Uterine fibroids	7	Unpredictable menstruation	14	Urinalysis	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	< 1 years	0.0x	Female	0.0x	Hispanic	1.2x
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Ovarian cyst	4	Pain or soreness of breast	5	Pelvis exam	Clomiphene (Clomid)	1-4 years	0.0x			Other	0.9x
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Idiopathic painful menstruation	3	Painful menstruation	10	Standard pregnancy test	Ortho Cyclen	75+ years	1.7x			Black	1.2x
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	4	Heavy menstrual flow	28	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Progesterone	60-74 years	0.9x				
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	5	Infertility	10	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Modicon	5-14 years	2.0x				
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Vaginal cyst	16	Groin pain	25	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Medroxyprogesterone	45-59 years	0.0x				
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:	Vaginitis	12	Blood clots during menstrual periods	18	Chlamydia test	Portia	15-29 years	0.2x				
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:			Hot flashes	10		Nonoxynol 9 Topical						
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:			Vaginal discharge	34		Norethindrone (Loestrin Fe)						
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:			Vaginal itching	10								
Long menstrual periods	Also known as Long periods and Late period	Late period may refer to:			Lower abdominal pain	18								
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Strep throat	3	Chills	31	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Cefotaxime	< 1 years	0.3x	Female	0.9x	White	1.0x
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Urinary tract infection	3	Sore throat	55	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Piperacillin (Zosyn)	45-59 years	4.2x	Male	1.2x	Black	1.4x
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Otitis media	12	Cough	7	Blood culture	Meropenem	5-14 years	0.3x			Other	0.8x
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Asthma	5	Nasal congestion	21	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Carbinoxamine (Dmax)	15-29 years	0.6x			Hispanic	1.6x
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Pneumonia	4	Pulling at ears	28	Nebulizer therapy	Cefepime	60-74 years	0.4x				
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	4	Diarrhea	79	Urinalysis	Sodium Citrate	30-44 years	2.4x				
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Flu	4	Decreased appetite	59	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	75+ years	0.3x				
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.	Common cold	27	Coryza	52	Intravenous fluid replacement		1-4 years	5.5x				
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.			Vomiting	37								
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.			Ear pain	28								
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.			Irritable infant	12								
Fever	"Also known as High body temperature, Warm forehead, Head feeling hot, Increased Body Temperature, Hyperthermia, Pyrexia, Temperature Elevation, Feverish, and Febrile"	Fever (also known as pyrexia) is one of the most common medical signs and is characterized by an elevation of body temperature above the normal range of 36.537.5퉈C (97.799.5퉈F) due to an increase in the temperature regulatory set-point. This increase in set-point triggers increased muscle tone and chills.			Headache	16								
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Depression	13	Insomnia	31	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Galantamine	60-74 years	0.3x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.1x
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Transient ischemic attack	3	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	27	Lipid panel	Rivastigmine (Exelon)	5-14 years	1.1x	Male	1.0x	White	0.7x
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Concussion	9	Headache	24	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Primidone	< 1 years	1.9x			Black	0.7x
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Dementia	3	Difficulty speaking	15	Psychotherapy	Memantine (Namenda)	30-44 years	0.3x			Hispanic	1.1x
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Parkinson disease	11	Abnormal involuntary movements	11	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Modafinil (Provigil)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Delirium	3	Delusions or hallucinations	10	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Valproic Acid	75+ years	0.4x				
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Migraine	5	Sleepiness	7	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	15-29 years	0.0x				
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."	Alzheimer disease	4	Seizures	45	Mental health counseling	Guar Gum	1-4 years	3.6x				
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."			Problems with movement	20		Carbidopa						
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."			Depression	34		Donepezil (Aricept)						
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."			Dizziness	5								
Disturbance of memory	"Also known as Amnesia, Forgetfulness, Lack or loss of memory, Temporary loss of memory, Memory Impairment, Bad Memory, and Poor Memory"	"Amnesia (from Greek _______, ""_"" meaning ""without"", ""______"" memory) is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs. Essentially, amnesia is loss of memory. The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused. There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia. Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation. In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory. Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store. People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time. These two types are not mutually exclusive. Both can occur within a patient at one time. Case studies, such as that of patient R.B., show that both types of amnesia can occur simultaneously. Case studies also show that amnesia is typically associated with damage to the medial temporal lobe. In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus (the CA1 region) are involved with memory. Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur."			Temper problems	35								
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Angina	4	Chest tightness	15	Radiographic imaging procedure	Eptifibatide (Integrilin)	30-44 years	1.4x	Female	1.1x	Black	0.8x
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Heart failure	4	Sweating	12	Electrocardiogram	Regadenoson (Lexiscan)	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	0.9x	White	0.9x
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anxiety	2	Back pain	26	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Bivalirudin	75+ years	0.4x			Other	1.0x
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Heart attack	3	Nausea	24	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Heparin	< 1 years	1.3x			Hispanic	1.2x
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	4	Hurts to breath	59	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Esmolol	15-29 years	1.3x				
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	3	Dizziness	5	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Reteplase	45-59 years	0.8x				
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Coronary atherosclerosis	3	Irregular heartbeat	22	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Adenosine	1-4 years	0.1x				
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain after an operation	5	Arm pain	36	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Enoxaparin (Lovenox)	5-14 years	1.2x				
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shortness of breath	12		Tenecteplase						
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cough	6		Nitroglycerin						
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Palpitations	27		Aluminum Hydroxide (M.A.H.)						
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lower body pain	8		Aminophylline						
Sharp chest pain	null	Sharp chest pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Dalteparin (Fragmin)						
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	6	Sharp chest pain	13	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Chlorambucil (Leukeran)	60-74 years	0.0x	Female	1.0x	White	0.9x
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	High blood pressure	3	Difficulty breathing	18	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Aluminum Hydroxide (M.A.H.)	45-59 years	0.3x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Heart failure	8	Sweating	6	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Nitroglycerin	1-4 years	1.1x			Black	1.1x
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Asthma	5	Wheezing	26	Radiographic imaging procedure	Gonadorelin (Cystorelin)	30-44 years	1.4x			Other	0.7x
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Coronary atherosclerosis	9	Irregular heartbeat	28	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Regadenoson (Lexiscan)	75+ years	0.8x				
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Angina	4	Increased heart rate	6	Electrocardiogram	Metyrapone	5-14 years	1.4x				
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Anxiety	6	Palpitations	72	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Amikacin	< 1 years	0.0x				
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	5	Burning chest pain	51	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Eptifibatide (Integrilin)	15-29 years	1.4x				
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."			Cough	10		Adenosine						
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."			Shortness of breath	59		Aminophylline						
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."			Dizziness	8		Abciximab (Reopro)						
Chest tightness	"Also known as Chest pressure, Dull chest pain, and Chest discomfort"	"Chest pain may be a symptom of a number of serious conditions and is generally considered a medical emergency. Even though it may be determined that the pain is non-cardiac in origin, this is often a diagnosis of exclusion made after ruling out more serious causes of the pain."			Coughing up sputum	32								
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Tonsillitis	2	Throat feels tight	13	Nebulizer therapy	Robitussin Dm	5-14 years	1.1x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.0x
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Strep throat	3	Throat irritation	60	Biopsy	Robitussin Ac	30-44 years	0.0x	Female	0.8x	Black	1.2x
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Chronic sinusitis	3	Frontal headache	59	Upper gastrointestinal X-ray	Moexipril	75+ years	1.1x			Hispanic	0.6x
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Anxiety	3	Sore throat	7	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Barium Sulfate	1-4 years	0.3x			White	0.9x
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Common cold	4	Itching of skin	13	Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy; biopsy	Ferrous Sulfate	15-29 years	1.4x				
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Irritable bowel syndrome	4	Hoarse voice	40	Blood culture	Pyrithione Zinc Topical	45-59 years	0.7x				
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Nose disorder	8	Difficulty in swallowing	22	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Glucagon	60-74 years	0.6x				
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	16	Hemoptysis	22	Sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy	Alka Seltzer	< 1 years	1.1x				
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."			Difficulty breathing	7		Doxylamine (Unisom)						
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."			Sweating	30		Cromolyn (Viz-On)						
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."			Nasal congestion	18		Naratriptan (Amerge)						
Lump in throat	Also known as Sensation of something in throat	"Globus pharyngis (also known as globus sensation, globus or, somewhat outdatedly, globus hystericus, commonly referred to as having a ""lump in one's throat""), is the persistent sensation of having phlegm, a pill or some other sort of obstruction in the throat when there is none. Swallowing can be performed normally, so it is not a true case of dysphagia, but it can become quite irritating. One may also feel mild chest pain or even severe pain with a clicking sensation when swallowing."			Cough	13		Insulin Lispro-Insulin Lispro Protamine						
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Cataract	7	Fever	21	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Tobramycin Ophthalmic	1-4 years	1.9x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.5x
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Chronic sinusitis	5	Eye redness	25	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	60-74 years	0.8x	Female	1.0x	White	1.1x
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Dry eye of unknown cause	8	Symptoms of eye	70	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Azelastine Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.5x			Other	0.9x
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Conjunctivitis	4	Itchiness of eye	56	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	30-44 years	0.9x			Black	1.1x
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Otitis media	8	Eye burns or stings	47	Other respiratory therapy	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	45-59 years	1.8x				
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	10	Diminished vision	60	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	15-29 years	1.3x				
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	13	Swollen eye	17	Other intraocular therapeutic procedures	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	5-14 years	1.2x				
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."	Common cold	7	Foreign body sensation in eye	53	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.3x				
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."			Pain in eye	30		Prednisolone Ophthalmic						
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."			Sneezing	59		Gentamicin Ophthalmic						
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."			Nasal congestion	19		Cyclosporine Ophthalmic						
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."			Cough	34		Loteprednol Ophthalmic						
Lacrimation	Also known as Tearing and Lacrimation	"Tears are secretions that clean and lubricate the eyes. Lacrimation or lachrymation (from Latin lacrima, meaning ""tear"") is the production or shedding of tears."						Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Otitis media	7	Sharp abdominal pain	73	Electrolytes panel	Temozolomide	1-4 years	1.5x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.3x
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Pneumonia	3	Depression	33	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Cisapride	15-29 years	0.7x	Male	0.9x	Black	1.0x
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	6	Nausea	29	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Cefamandole (Mandol)	< 1 years	0.4x			Other	1.2x
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Depression	2	Sore throat	54	Electrocardiogram	Carbinoxamine (Dmax)	5-14 years	1.0x			White	0.9x
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Urinary tract infection	4	Insomnia	27	Intravenous fluid replacement	Tetrahydrocannabinol (Marinol)	60-74 years	0.5x				
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Common cold	3	Weakness	50	Urinalysis	Stavudine (Zerit)	45-59 years	3.9x				
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Hypovolemia	13	Nasal congestion	41	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Lipase	75+ years	0.5x				
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."	Chronic constipation	3	Fever	24	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Dopamine	30-44 years	4.9x				
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."			Vomiting	35		Amikacin						
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."			Diarrhea	42		Megestrol (Megace)						
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."			Cough	31		"Immunoglobulins, Intravenous (Gammagard)"						
Decreased appetite	"Also known as Loss of appetite, Not hungry anymore, and Anorexic"	"Anorexia (deriving from the Greek ""_(_)-"" (a(n)-, a prefix that denotes absence) + ""_____"" (orexe) = appetite) is the decreased sensation of appetite. While the term in non-scientific publications is often used interchangeably with anorexia nervosa, many possible causes exist for a decreased appetite, some of which may be harmless, while others indicate a serious clinical condition or pose a significant risk."			Fatigue	30								
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dry eye of unknown cause	4	Swollen eye	25	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Gatifloxacin (Zymar)	75+ years	0.4x	Male	1.1x	White	1.2x
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cornea infection	7	Symptoms of eye	56	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	45-59 years	1.2x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.1x
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Foreign body in the eye	10	Eye redness	14	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Latanoprost	< 1 years	0.9x			Hispanic	0.7x
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Corneal abrasion	8	Headache	28	Diagnostic spinal tap (Spinal tap)	Tetracaine (One Touch)	60-74 years	0.0x			Other	0.9x
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	8	Abnormal movement of eyelid	25	Other OR therapeutic nervous system procedures	Ocular Lubricant	5-14 years	1.4x				
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	8	Eyelid lesion or rash	39	Other intraocular therapeutic procedures	Loteprednol Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.1x				
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	10	Itchiness of eye	17	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Fluorescein Ophthalmic	1-4 years	2.4x				
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	9	Lacrimation	25	Lens and cataract procedures	Erythromycin	15-29 years	0.6x				
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eye burns or stings	11		Gentamicin Ophthalmic						
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Spots or clouds in vision	65		Moxifloxacin (Avelox)						
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diminished vision	56		Tropicamide Ophthalmic						
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in eye	11		Phenylephrine (Duramax)						
Foreign body sensation in eye	Also known as Feels like something in eye	Foreign body sensation in eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Proparacaine Ophthalmic						
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Pain after an operation	5	Gum pain	4	Incision and drainage (I d)	Penicillin	1-4 years	0.1x	Female	1.1x	White	1.0x
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Dental caries	9	Ear pain	19	Dental procedures (Care dental)	Diflunisal	60-74 years	0.1x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.3x
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Gum disease	4	Difficulty eating	25		Fenoprofen (Progesic)	5-14 years	2.3x			Hispanic	0.7x
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Tooth abscess	24	Mouth ulcer	2		Pimozide (Orap)	45-59 years	0.4x			Black	0.6x
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Jaw disorder	4	Pain in gums	13		Oxytetracycline (300 Pro La)	75+ years	1.8x				
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Oral mucosal lesion	50	Facial pain	27		Cephalothin	15-29 years	0.7x				
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Broken tooth	1	Mouth pain	27		Benzocaine Topical	< 1 years	0.1x				
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."	Tooth disorder	17	Bleeding gums	2		Clindamycin	30-44 years	0.1x				
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."			Jaw swelling	8		Clove						
Toothache	"Also known as Dental Pain, Odontalgia, and Dentalgia"	"A toothache, also known as odontalgia or, less frequently, as odontalgy, is an aching pain in or around a tooth."			Peripheral edema	2								
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth disorder	8	Ear pain	25	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Chlorhexidine Topical	75+ years	1.6x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.4x
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral mucosal lesion	5	Mouth ulcer	31	Suturing of wound	Erythromycin Topical Product	45-59 years	0.8x	Male	0.9x	Black	0.9x
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth abscess	8	Peripheral edema	27	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Filgrastim (Neupogen)	30-44 years	1.1x			White	0.9x
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dental caries	8	Tongue lesions	15	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Nystatin Topical Product	1-4 years	1.4x			Other	0.8x
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain after an operation	16	Gum pain	18	Cancer chemotherapy (Chemotherapy)	Methenamine	< 1 years	1.0x				
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Jaw disorder	5	Fever	29	Therapeutic radiology for cancer treatment (Irradiation)	Penicillin	5-14 years	0.1x				
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gum disease	4	Facial pain	15	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Penciclovir Topical	60-74 years	0.5x				
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	3	Headache	34		Probenecid	15-29 years	0.7x				
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Tongue pain	29		Aluminum Hydroxide (M.A.H.)						
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Toothache	43		Clavulanate (Augmentin)						
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sore throat	13		Clindamycin						
Mouth pain	"Also known as Mouth burning, Mouth soreness, Oral Pain, and Painful Mouth"	Mouth pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lip swelling	47		Enoxacin (Penetrex)						
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Common cold	3	Throat swelling	66	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Sparfloxacin (Zagam)	5-14 years	1.2x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Osteoarthritis	3	Abnormal involuntary movements	7	Intravenous fluid replacement	Cefpodoxime	1-4 years	0.6x	Male	1.0x	Other	0.6x
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Sprain or strain	2	Shoulder stiffness or tightness	44	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Butorphanol (Stadol)	45-59 years	1.0x			Black	1.1x
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Torticollis	3	Ringing in ear	13	Electrolytes panel	Mezlocillin	< 1 years	0.3x			White	0.9x
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Degenerative disc disease	11	Chills	70	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Methyl Salicylate-Menthol Topical	30-44 years	0.5x				
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Fibromyalgia	7	Flu-like syndrome	16	Radiographic imaging procedure	Diclofenac Topical Product	75+ years	1.2x				
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Pain disorder affecting the neck	8	Headache	7	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Demeclocycline	15-29 years	1.2x				
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."	Spinal stenosis	19	Arm stiffness or tightness	16	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Rimabotulinumtoxinb (Myobloc)	60-74 years	1.1x				
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."			Fever	25		Lincomycin						
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."			Neck pain	10		Thiopental (Pentothal)						
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."			Back stiffness or tightness	16		Cyclobenzaprine						
Neck stiffness or tightness	"Also known as Neck Stiffness, Neck Rigidity, and Stiff Neck"	"Meningism is the triad of nuchal rigidity (neck stiffness), photophobia (intolerance of bright light) and headache. It is a sign of irritation of the meninges, such as seen in meningitis, subarachnoid hemorrhages and various other diseases. ""Meningismus"" is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population. Related clinical signs include Kernig's sign and three signs all named Brudzinski's sign."			Dizziness	7								
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Alcohol abuse	7	Cough	37	Mental health counseling	Tadalafil (Cialis)	60-74 years	0.9x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.0x
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Anxiety	4	Muscle pain	7	Psychotherapy	Varenicline (Chantix)	15-29 years	2.0x	Male	1.2x	Other	1.0x
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	5	Drug abuse	7	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Emtricitabine	30-44 years	0.0x			Hispanic	1.6x
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Weight gain	19	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Bupropion (Wellbutrin)	5-14 years	0.0x			White	0.7x
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		High blood pressure	4	Excessive anger	7	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Nicotine	45-59 years	0.0x				
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Depression	14	Anxiety and nervousness	10	Lipid panel	Moexipril	1-4 years	0.3x				
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Smoking or tobacco addiction	47	Hoarse voice	26	Mammography (Mammogram)	Halobetasol Topical	75+ years	1.3x				
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much		Hyperlipidemia	7	Hurts to breath	30	Echocardiography	Naratriptan (Amerge)	< 1 years	1.1x				
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much				Abusing alcohol	28		Measles Vaccine						
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much				Sharp chest pain	26		Creatine						
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much				Depression	10								
Smoking problems	Also known as Smoking too much				Hand or finger swelling	7								
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Obesity	4	Retention of urine	28	Diagnostic ultrasound of urinary tract	Desipramine	< 1 years	0.0x	Female	1.4x	Other	1.2x
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Primary insomnia	3	Involuntary urination	12	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Sodium Bicarbonate	60-74 years	8.2x	Male	0.7x	Black	1.0x
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Contact dermatitis	1	Vaginal pain	12	Nonoperative urinary system measurements	Chickenpox Vaccine (Shingles Vaccine)	5-14 years	0.1x			White	0.4x
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Urinary tract infection	6	Redness in ear	12	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Darifenacin (Enablex)	75+ years	0.2x			Hispanic	1.4x
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Brachial neuritis	1	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	40	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Imipramine	1-4 years	0.3x				
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Allergy	1	Abnormal breathing sounds	28	Urinalysis	Glycerin (Fleet)	30-44 years	0.1x				
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Ovarian cyst	9	Sleepiness	35	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Tolterodine (Detrol)	45-59 years	1.2x				
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	4	Suprapubic pain	21	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Desmopressin	15-29 years	0.6x				
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."			Frequent urination	12		Oxybutynin						
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."			Hostile behavior	21		Trihexyphenidyl (Artane)						
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."			Constipation	28		Fluvoxamine (Luvox)						
Bedwetting	Also known as Enuresis	"Nocturnal enuresis or nighttime urinary incontinence, commonly called bedwetting, or ""'sleepwetting'"" is involuntary urination while asleep after the age at which bladder control usually occurs. Nocturnal enuresis is considered primary (PNE) when a child has not yet had a prolonged period of being dry. Secondary nocturnal enuresis (SNE) is when a child or adult begins wetting again after having stayed dry."			Thirst	28								
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Sprain or strain	7	Low back pain	18	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Fosfomycin	1-4 years	1.4x	Female	1.1x	White	1.1x
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Arthritis of the hip	6	Knee pain	3	Intravenous fluid replacement	Methohexital (Brevital)	< 1 years	0.2x	Male	0.8x	Hispanic	1.0x
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Chronic back pain	10	Hip stiffness or tightness	45	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Olsalazine (Dipentum)	75+ years	0.0x			Other	0.6x
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Osteoarthritis	18	Leg pain	12	Radiographic imaging procedure	Calcifediol	45-59 years	2.5x			Black	0.7x
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Bruise	12	Elbow pain	55	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Medrysone Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.5x				
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Lumbago	5	Hip swelling	12	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Adefovir	30-44 years	0.0x				
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Fracture of the leg	6	Groin pain	28	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Gadodiamide (Omniscan)	60-74 years	0.8x				
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."	Tendinitis	10	Lower body pain	45	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Choline	15-29 years	1.5x				
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."			Back pain	1								
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."			Problems with movement	4								
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."			Hip weakness	8								
Hip pain	"Also known as Coxalgia, Hip Arthralgia, Hip Joint Pain, and Painful Hip"	"Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, usually brought on by sitting too abruptly."			Shoulder pain	50								
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Depression	4	Sleepiness	36	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Methylphenidate	5-14 years	0.8x	Female	0.6x	Hispanic	1.0x
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Oppositional disorder	5	Difficulty speaking	34	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Adderall	15-29 years	0.5x	Male	1.5x	White	1.2x
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Psychotic disorder	4	Hostile behavior	71	Psychotherapy	Varenicline (Chantix)	< 1 years	0.3x			Other	1.0x
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Anxiety	8	Anxiety and nervousness	22	Toxicology screen	Asenapine (Saphris)	1-4 years	0.5x			Black	0.4x
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Bipolar disorder	8	Abnormal breathing sounds	43	Mental health counseling	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	45-59 years	0.5x				
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	5	Depression	31	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Risperidone	75+ years	4.7x				
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Developmental disability	40	Fatigue	43	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Guanfacine (Intuniv)	60-74 years	2.0x				
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	5	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	51	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	30-44 years	0.5x				
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:			Excessive anger	22		Dextroamphetamine (Adderall)						
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:			Insomnia	14		Lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse)						
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:			Obsessions and compulsions	38		Naphazoline Ophthalmic						
Restlessness	"Also known as Can't rest, Hyperactive, Overactive, and Psychomotor Agitation"	Restless may refer to:			Delusions or hallucinations	31		Diflunisal						
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Gastritis	22	Rectal bleeding	88	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dicyclomine	< 1 years	2.7x	Male	1.0x	Other	0.9x
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Infectious gastroenteritis	1	Sharp abdominal pain	68	Urinalysis	Lactobacillus Acidophilus (Dofus)	60-74 years	0.8x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.2x
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Diaper rash	29	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Diphenoxylate (Lomotil)	15-29 years	0.9x			White	1.3x
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Urinary tract infection	2	Flatulence	4	Intravenous fluid replacement	Cholestyramine Resin (Questran)	5-14 years	0.9x			Black	0.9x
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	8	Changes in stool appearance	13	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Lactobacillus Acidophilus And Bulgaricus	45-59 years	3.2x				
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	7	Burning abdominal pain	6	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Loperamide (Imodium)	75+ years	0.9x				
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Hypovolemia	1	Fever	4	Electrolytes panel	Sodium Citrate	30-44 years	0.7x				
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."	Irritable bowel syndrome	1	Cough	64	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Trimethobenzamide (Tigan)	1-4 years	0.7x				
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."			Vomiting	17		Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)						
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."			Blood in stool	4		Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)						
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."			Nausea	32								
Diarrhea	Also known as Loose stool and Watery Stool	"Diarrhea or diarrhoea (from the Greek ________, ___ dia ""through"" + ___ rheo ""flow"" meaning ""flowing through"") is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day. The most common cause is gastroenteritis."			Decreased appetite	57								
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Foreign body in the throat	8	Shortness of breath	36	Biopsy	Epirubicin	75+ years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	White	0.8x
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Esophagitis	2	Throat swelling	16	Intravenous fluid replacement	Fludrocortisone	< 1 years	1.3x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	2	Sore throat	27	Blood culture	Prilocaine (Emla)	15-29 years	0.7x			Black	1.2x
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Stricture of the esophagus	3	Heartburn	8	Arterial blood gases (ABGs)	Quinine	1-4 years	1.0x			Hispanic	1.1x
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Foreign body in the gastrointestinal tract	14	Sleepiness	71	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Phenol Topical	30-44 years	0.8x				
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Common cold	3	Cough	14	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Entacapone (Comtan)	60-74 years	1.4x				
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	3	Fever	8	Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy; biopsy	Glucagon	45-59 years	0.9x				
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."	Strep throat	3	Neck swelling	18	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Benzocaine Topical	5-14 years	1.4x				
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."			Apnea	10		Pyridostigmine (Mestinon)						
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."			Abnormal breathing sounds	25		Barium Sulfate						
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."			Lump in throat	26		Saliva Substitutes						
Difficulty in swallowing	"Also known as Choking, Unable to swallow, and Dysphagia"	"Dysphagia is the medical term for the symptom of difficulty in swallowing. Although classified under ""symptoms and signs"" in ICD-10, the term is sometimes used as a condition in its own right. Sufferers are sometimes unaware of their dysphagia."			Hoarse voice	14		Caffeine-Sodium Benzoate						
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	9	Ankle stiffness or tightness	2	Application of splint (Splinting)	Posaconazole	45-59 years	1.3x	Female	1.1x	White	0.7x
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	3	Ankle weakness	3	Bone density scan	Tapentadol (Nucynta)	1-4 years	0.6x	Male	0.9x	Black	1.0x
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the foot	6	Wrist pain	50	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Isopropyl Alcohol Topical	15-29 years	0.0x			Other	0.8x
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the ankle	4	Ankle swelling	12	Orthopedic casting	Deferoxamine	30-44 years	1.0x			Hispanic	1.1x
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	12	Foot or toe pain	36	Traction; splints; and other wound care	Fluticasone	5-14 years	0.1x				
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	3	Knee pain	51	Radiographic imaging procedure	Methyl Salicylate-Menthol Topical	< 1 years	1.4x				
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury of the ankle	3			Plain x-ray (X ray)	Liotrix (Thyrolar)	60-74 years	0.5x				
Ankle pain	"Also known as Heel pain, Pain In Ankle, and Painful Ankle"	Ankle pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the leg	43			Examination of foot		75+ years	1.5x				
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Problem during pregnancy	9	Cramps and spasms	31	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Terbutaline	5-14 years	0.0x	Female	0.0x	Hispanic	1.6x
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ectopic pregnancy	13	Painful urination	53	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Nitrofurantoin	15-29 years	1.3x	Male	1.7x	Black	0.6x
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hyperemesis gravidarum	19	Problems during pregnancy	84	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dibucaine Topical	45-59 years	0.0x			Other	1.4x
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spontaneous abortion	9	Pelvic pain	44	Standard pregnancy test	Carmustine	1-4 years	0.0x			White	1.8x
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	4	Low back pain	33	Urinalysis	Rubella Virus Vaccine	60-74 years	0.0x				
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vulvodynia	4	Headache	65	Radiographic imaging procedure	Benzocaine Topical	75+ years	0.0x				
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Threatened pregnancy	2	Uterine contractions	43	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Rho(D) Immune Globulin (Rhogam)	30-44 years	0.0x				
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pregnancy	2	Lower abdominal pain	48	Electrolytes panel	Ampicillin	< 1 years	3.9x				
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back pain	15		Oxytocin						
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	45		Methylergonovine (Methergine)						
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Burning abdominal pain	35		Cefoxitin						
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	33		Methyldopa						
Pain during pregnancy	Also known as Abdominal Pain In Pregnancy	Pain during pregnancy is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						"Multivitamin, Prenatal"						
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Alcohol abuse	2	Abusing alcohol	41	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Thalidomide	75+ years	1.4x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.2x
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Heart failure	2	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	21	Electrolytes panel	Demeclocycline	15-29 years	1.6x	Male	1.1x	Black	0.7x
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dysthymic disorder	4	Dizziness	18	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Methylcellulose (Citrucel)	30-44 years	3.3x			Hispanic	0.5x
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Migraine	2	Difficulty in swallowing	18	Radiographic imaging procedure	Neomycin (Septa)	60-74 years	0.2x			White	0.9x
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stroke	2	Diminished vision	46	Electrocardiogram	Pyridostigmine (Mestinon)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Multiple sclerosis	20	Loss of sensation	38	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Nicardipine	1-4 years	0.6x				
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypoglycemia	27	Symptoms of the face	18	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Nitroprusside	5-14 years	0.2x				
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Transient ischemic attack	1	Weakness	25	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Alteplase	< 1 years	0.1x				
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Problems with movement	59		Acetazolamide (Diamox)						
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fainting	44		Dalteparin (Fragmin)						
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Focal weakness	23		Enoxaparin (Lovenox)						
Slurring words	null	Slurring words is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Headache	57		Naloxone (Suboxone)						
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Depression	2	Vaginal dryness	26	Examination of breast	Estradiol	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	0.0x	White	1.0x
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Migraine	2	Fatigue	15	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Progesterone	45-59 years	0.7x	Female	1.7x	Black	1.2x
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Obesity	13	Unpredictable menstruation	33	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	15-29 years	2.9x			Hispanic	0.7x
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	High blood pressure	2	Weight gain	40	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	"Estrogens, Conjugated (Usp) (Premarin)"	30-44 years	0.1x			Other	1.1x
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Hormone disorder	9	Nausea	15	Pelvis exam	Verapamil (Univer)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Menopause	29	Dizziness	40	Rectal examination	Black Cohosh Extract (Black Cohosh)	< 1 years	1.0x				
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Hypothyroidism	3	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	37	Lipid panel	Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	5-14 years	0.4x				
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."	Breast cancer	5	Sharp chest pain	26	Mammography (Mammogram)	Thyroid (Usp) (Armour Thyroid)	75+ years	0.4x				
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."			Headache	28		Ergocalciferol						
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."			Insomnia	26		Mefenamic Acid						
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."			Sweating	15		Tamoxifen						
Hot flashes	Also known as Hot Flushes	"Hot flashes (also known as hot flushes) are a symptom which may have several other causes, but which is often caused by the changing hormone levels that are characteristic of menopause."			Loss of sex drive	15								
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	1	Upper abdominal pain	16	Intravenous fluid replacement	Calcium Polycarbophil (Fibercon)	30-44 years	0.9x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.0x
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Intestinal disease	4	Diarrhea	9	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Saccharomyces Boulardii Lyo (Florastor)	60-74 years	1.1x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.0x
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Chronic constipation	10	Stomach bloating	38	Electrolytes panel	Naphazoline-Pheniramine Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.8x			Hispanic	0.9x
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	3	Vomiting	17	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Calcitonin	15-29 years	0.6x			White	1.0x
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Gastritis	2	Blood in stool	13	Urinalysis	Lactobacillus Acidophilus (Dofus)	< 1 years	1.0x				
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	4	Redness in ear	29	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Glucagon	75+ years	1.1x				
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Urinary tract infection	1	Nausea	13	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Procyclidine	1-4 years	1.1x				
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:	Irritable bowel syndrome	2	Sharp abdominal pain	6	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	5-14 years	1.0x				
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:			Frequent urination	24		Chlorpromazine (Thorazine)						
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:			Lower abdominal pain	29								
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:			Problems during pregnancy	15								
Regurgitation	"Also known as Sour taste in mouth, Bad breath, and Halitosis"	Regurgitation or regurgitate can refer to:			Heartburn	12								
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	11	Heavy menstrual flow	52	Pelvis exam	Calcium Acetate	< 1 years	0.0x	Male	0.0x	Black	1.4x
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginal cyst	18	Frequent urination	48	Intravenous fluid replacement	Medroxyprogesterone	30-44 years	0.0x	Female	1.7x	Hispanic	1.3x
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Uterine fibroids	9	Cramps and spasms	20	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Propofol	60-74 years	2.2x			White	0.7x
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Threatened pregnancy	4	Painful menstruation	20	Urinalysis	Meclofenamate	1-4 years	0.1x			Other	1.5x
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	16	Intermenstrual bleeding	48	Radiographic imaging procedure	Podophyllum Resin Topical	5-14 years	0.5x				
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	4	Long menstrual periods	34	Standard pregnancy test	Tranexamic Acid	45-59 years	2.5x				
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Idiopathic painful menstruation	17	Unpredictable menstruation	20	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Nitrous Oxide	15-29 years	0.0x				
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spontaneous abortion	5	Lower abdominal pain	20	Hematologic tests (Blood test)		75+ years	0.0x				
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	11								
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fainting	44								
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pelvic pain	63								
Blood clots during menstrual periods	null	Blood clots during menstrual periods is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Dizziness	20								
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Skin disorder	6	Skin swelling	8	Breast biopsy and other diagnostic procedures on breast	Ketoconazole	< 1 years	1.2x	Female	0.8x	White	0.3x
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Actinic keratosis	50	Itching of skin	29	Excision of skin lesion	Urea Topical	75+ years	0.1x	Male	1.2x	Other	0.5x
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Hemangioma	4	Too little hair	6	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Aluminum Chloride Hexahydrate Topical	30-44 years	1.5x			Black	1.4x
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Seborrheic keratosis	16	Skin lesion	5	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Hydroquinone Topical	45-59 years	1.1x			Hispanic	0.5x
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Skin polyp	5	Irregular appearing scalp	31	Wound care management	Eflornithine Topical	5-14 years	1.1x				
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Skin cancer	9	Abnormal appearing skin	9	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on skin and breast	Clindamycin Topical Product	60-74 years	0.5x				
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Acne	7	Skin growth	15	Excision (Removal)	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	1-4 years	0.2x				
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."	Skin pigmentation disorder	5	Acne or pimples	24	Biopsy	Oxiconazole Topical	15-29 years	0.7x				
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."			Warts	22		Salicylic Acid Topical						
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."			Skin irritation	18		Azelaic Acid Topical						
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."			Skin rash	41		Adapalene Topical						
Skin moles	"Also known as Skin mole, Nevus, and Nevi"	"A melanocytic nevus (also known as ""Nevocytic nevus"") is a type of lesion that contains nevus cells (a type of melanocyte). Some sources equate the term mole with ""melanocytic nevus"". Other sources reserve the term ""mole"" for other purposes."			"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	15		Tretinoin Topical						
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Joint effusion	3	Hip pain	35	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Cortisone	5-14 years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.8x
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Bruise	21	Ankle pain	9	Application of splint (Splinting)	Hyaluronan	60-74 years	1.4x	Female	1.0x	White	0.8x
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Osteoarthritis	7	Knee lump or mass	9	Radiographic imaging procedure	Methylsulfonylmethane	< 1 years	0.0x			Other	1.1x
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Sprain or strain	2	Knee stiffness or tightness	6	Examination of foot	Flurbiprofen	15-29 years	1.2x			Hispanic	1.0x
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Tendinitis	15	Back pain	28	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Diflunisal	30-44 years	0.6x				
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Knee ligament or meniscus tear	21	Leg pain	2	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Ethynodiol	1-4 years	1.3x				
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Chronic knee pain	2	Knee weakness	27	Other therapeutic procedures	Mepivacaine (Carbocaine)	75+ years	1.0x				
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.	Injury to the leg	10	Knee swelling	26	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on musculoskeletal system	Sodium Hyaluronate	45-59 years	0.1x				
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.			Elbow pain	17		Choline Salicylate						
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.						Ethyl Chloride Topical						
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.						Choline						
Knee pain	"Also known as Gonalgia, Knee Arthralgia, Knee Joint Pain, and Aching Knee"	Knee pain is a common complaint for many people. There are several factors that can cause knee pain. Awareness and knowledge of the causes of knee pain lead to a more accurate diagnosis. Management of knee pain is in the accurate diagnosis and effective treatment for that diagnosis. Knee pain can be either referred pain or related to the knee joint itself.						Pralidoxime						
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Otitis media	50	Fever	37	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Nitrous Oxide	75+ years	5.0x	Female	1.3x	Other	1.0x
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Chronic sinusitis	5	Pulling at ears	9	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Ofloxacin	45-59 years	1.9x	Male	0.8x	Hispanic	1.1x
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Acute otitis media	7	Irritable infant	6	Excision (Removal)	Cerivastatin	30-44 years	0.4x			White	0.9x
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Common cold	4	Nasal congestion	11	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Cefdinir	15-29 years	0.3x			Black	0.9x
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	10	Ear pain	11	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Sevoflurane	60-74 years	0.3x				
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Chronic otitis media	6	Swollen or red tonsils	43	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Ropivacaine	5-14 years	6.7x				
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	9	Plugged feeling in ear	33	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Cefixime (Suprax)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."	Conductive hearing loss	3	Temper problems	6	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	M-Cresyl Acetate Otic	< 1 years	0.3x				
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."			Cough	6		Polymyxin B Sulfate						
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."			Diminished hearing	24								
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."			Fluid in ear	36								
Redness in ear	"Also known as Inner ear erythema, Red ear, Ear Inflammation, and Otitis"	"Otitis is a general term for inflammation or infection of the ear, in both humans and other animals."			Painful sinuses	7								
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""	Heart failure	48	Difficulty breathing	8	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Modafinil (Provigil)	60-74 years	1.3x	Female	1.1x	Black	0.8x
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""	Restless leg syndrome	4	Abnormal involuntary movements	57	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Demeclocycline	1-4 years	0.5x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.2x
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""	Bipolar disorder	2	Abnormal breathing sounds	85	Electrocardiogram	Entecavir (Baraclude)	15-29 years	0.6x			White	0.5x
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	2	Weight gain	9	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Sodium Oxybate (Xyrem)	< 1 years	1.6x			Other	0.7x
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""	Narcolepsy	2	Disturbance of memory	35	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Armodafinil (Nuvigil)	75+ years	0.9x				
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""	Obesity	1	Fatigue	27	Echocardiography	Fenofibric Acid (Trilipix)	5-14 years	1.1x				
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""			Restlessness	55	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Zaleplon (Sonata)	30-44 years	0.4x				
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""			Apnea	11	Toxicology screen	Dipivefrin Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.3x				
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""			Headache	11		Flumazenil						
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""			Insomnia	4		Molindone (Moban)						
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""			Decreased appetite	9		Fluoxymesterone (Halotestin)						
Sleepiness	"Also known as Can't stay awake, Drowsiness, Grogginess, and Somnolence"	"Somnolence (or ""drowsiness"") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (cf. hypersomnia). It has two distinct meanings, referring both to the usual state preceding falling asleep, and the chronic condition referring to being in that state independent of a circadian rhythm. ""Somnolence"" is derived from the Latin ""somnus"" meaning ""sleep."""			Difficulty in swallowing	28		Olopatadine Nasal						
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	2	Shortness of breath	42	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ethambutol	30-44 years	1.2x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.1x
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Heart failure	3	Ache all over	33	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Aluminum Chloride Hexahydrate Topical	60-74 years	0.3x	Female	1.1x	White	0.7x
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Hyperhidrosis	2	Abnormal involuntary movements	51	Electrocardiogram	Efavirenz	1-4 years	0.2x			Hispanic	1.0x
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Anxiety	3	Cough	27	Electrolytes panel	Pentoxifylline	5-14 years	1.2x			Black	1.0x
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Pneumonia	3	Fever	55	Radiographic imaging procedure	Pyrazinamide	45-59 years	0.1x				
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Menopause	3	Nausea	29	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Rifabutin	75+ years	1.3x				
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Heart attack	2	Headache	30	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Onabotulinumtoxina (Botox)	15-29 years	0.9x				
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."	Drug reaction	2	Vomiting	50	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Tenofovir	< 1 years	1.2x				
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."			Weakness	37		Methylnaltrexone (Relistor)						
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."			Dizziness	40		Saxagliptin (Onglyza)						
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."			Sharp chest pain	28								
Sweating	"Also known as Diaphoresis, Cold sweat, Hidrosis, and Perspiration"	"Perspiration (sweating, transpiration, or diaphoresis) is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: Eccrine glands and apocrine glands. The eccrine sweat glands are distributed over much of the body."			Chills	55								
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	High blood pressure	3	Depression	27	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Darbepoetin Alfa (Aranesp)	15-29 years	0.4x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.2x
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Anemia	4	Abnormal breathing sounds	31	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Erlotinib (Tarceva)	5-14 years	1.0x	Male	1.1x	White	0.9x
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Hypothyroidism	3	Headache	10	Electrocardiogram	Chlorothiazide	< 1 years	0.7x			Hispanic	0.6x
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Diabetes	9	Feeling ill	16	Lipid panel	"Immunoglobulins, Intravenous (Gammagard)"	45-59 years	0.1x			Black	0.6x
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Depression	6	Weight gain	29	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	60-74 years	1.4x				
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Hyperlipidemia	3	Cough	13	Electrolytes panel	Modafinil (Provigil)	75+ years	1.7x				
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	5	Decreased appetite	31	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Armodafinil (Nuvigil)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:	Coronary atherosclerosis	7	Dizziness	33	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Natalizumab (Tysabri)	30-44 years	1.3x				
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:			Weakness	26		Peginterferon Alfa-2B (Sylatron)						
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:			Sleepiness	35		Glatiramer (Copaxone)						
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:			Shortness of breath	38		Ribavirin						
Fatigue	"Also known as Trouble with exercise, Exercise intolerance, Tiredness, Exhaustion, Lack of energy, Have no energy, Feeling run down, Feeling worn out, Lethargy, and Feeling tired"	Fatigue may refer to:			Insomnia	24		Sodium Ferric Gluconate Complex (Ferrlecit)						
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Prostate cancer	2	Painful urination	6	Intravenous fluid replacement	Hepatitis B Immune Globulin	5-14 years	0.8x	Female	1.3x	Hispanic	0.8x
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Pyelonephritis	2	Groin pain	24	Urinalysis	Dutasteride (Avodart)	< 1 years	0.9x	Male	0.8x	Other	1.2x
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	6	Blood in stool	19	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Bcg	15-29 years	1.7x			White	1.1x
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Cystitis	7	Side pain	10	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Potassium Citrate	1-4 years	0.2x			Black	0.8x
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Bladder cancer	9	Lower abdominal pain	28	Electrolytes panel	Trimethoprim	30-44 years	1.6x				
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Kidney stone	22	Excessive urination at night	40	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	75+ years	0.5x				
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Temporary or benign blood in urine	23	Frequent urination	6	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Goserelin (Zoladex)	45-59 years	1.1x				
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."	Urinary tract infection	2	Involuntary urination	4	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ciprofloxacin	60-74 years	0.1x				
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."			Symptoms of prostate	48		Nitrofurantoin						
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."			Retention of urine	39		Silodosin (Rapaflo)						
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."			Sharp abdominal pain	21		Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)						
Blood in urine	Also known as Hematuria and Bleeding from urethra	"In medicine, hematuria, or haematuria, is the presence of red blood cells (erythrocytes) in the urine. It may be idiopathic and/or benign, or it can be a sign that there is a kidney stone or a tumor in the urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, urinary bladder, prostate, and urethra), ranging from trivial to lethal. If white blood cells are found in addition to red blood cells, then it is a signal of urinary tract infection."			Suprapubic pain	7								
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Gum disease	12	Itching of skin	15	Incision and drainage (I d)	Mumps Vaccine	30-44 years	0.5x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Oral mucosal lesion	6	Toothache	31	Biopsy	Clotrimazole	5-14 years	0.5x	Female	1.2x	White	1.0x
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Common cold	6	Difficulty in swallowing	63	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Tolmetin	45-59 years	4.3x			Black	1.3x
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Herpangina	7	Tongue lesions	8	Excision of skin lesion	Chlorhexidine Topical	< 1 years	0.7x			Other	1.3x
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Aphthous ulcer	13	Sore in nose	8	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Cefprozil	1-4 years	0.5x				
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	7	Decreased appetite	35		Gentian Violet Topical	15-29 years	1.9x				
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Mucositis	10	Sore throat	33		Valacyclovir (Valtrex)	60-74 years	0.6x				
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."	Cold sore	9	Fluid retention	31		Ferric Subsulfate Topical	75+ years	2.2x				
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."			Skin rash	8		Dacarbazine						
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."			Fever	21		Nystatin Topical Product						
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."			Mouth pain	8		Benzocaine Topical						
Mouth ulcer	Also known as Oral Ulcer and Mouth Ulceration	"A mouth ulcer (also termed an oral ulcer, or a mucosal ulcer) is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity. More plainly, a mouth ulcer is a sore or open lesion in the mouth. Mouth ulcers are very common, occurring in association with many diseases and by many different mechanisms, but usually there is no serious underlying cause. The two most common causes of oral ulceration are local trauma (e.g. rubbing from a sharp edge on a filling) and aphthous stomatitis (""canker sores""), a condition characterized by recurrent formation of oral ulcers for largely unknown reasons. Mouth ulcers often cause pain and discomfort, and may alter the person's choice of food while healing occurs (e.g. avoiding acidic or spicy foods and beverages). They may occur singly or multiple ulcers may occur at the same time (a ""crop"" of ulcers). Once formed, the ulcer may be maintained by inflammation and/or secondary infection. Rarely, a mouth ulcer that does not heal for many weeks may be a sign of oral cancer."			Gum pain	12		Acyclovir						
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Bipolar disorder	6	Depression	9	Toxicology screen	Atomoxetine (Strattera)	< 1 years	0.1x	Female	1.5x	White	1.1x
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Anxiety	23	Low self-esteem	15	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Mirtazapine	5-14 years	0.2x	Male	0.6x	Hispanic	0.6x
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Adjustment reaction	21	Obsessions and compulsions	13	Psychotherapy	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	45-59 years	3.4x			Other	0.9x
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Conduct disorder	8	Insomnia	55	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	15-29 years	0.8x			Black	1.0x
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	12	Drug abuse	70	Mental health counseling	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	75+ years	0.5x				
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Depression	19	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	36	Blood alcohol	Adderall	60-74 years	1.5x				
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Psychotic disorder	8	Antisocial behavior	65		Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	30-44 years	0.9x				
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."	Oppositional disorder	6	Restlessness	13		Cyproheptadine	1-4 years	0.0x				
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."			Temper problems	37		Methylphenidate						
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."			Delusions or hallucinations	9		Lithium (Li)						
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."			Hostile behavior	18		Valproic Acid						
Excessive anger	Also known as Feeling bitter and Feeling hostile	"A strong emotional feeling of displeasure aroused by being interfered with, injured or threatened."			Anxiety and nervousness	7		Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)						
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Optic neuritis	4	Itchiness of eye	12	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Proparacaine Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.5x	Male	1.2x	Other	0.9x
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Retinal detachment	5	Diminished vision	27	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Travoprost (Travatan)	1-4 years	0.1x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Chronic glaucoma	5	Abnormal involuntary movements	32	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.8x			Black	0.8x
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Macular degeneration	4	Symptoms of eye	40	Electrocardiogram	Atropine (Uaa)	30-44 years	1.3x			White	1.1x
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Transient ischemic attack	6	Dizziness	4	Electrolytes panel	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.6x				
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Migraine	4	Pain in eye	8	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Prednisolone Ophthalmic	60-74 years	1.8x				
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Stroke	12	Headache	4	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Brinzolamide Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.1x				
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."	Cataract	8	Sweating	49	Radiographic imaging procedure	Gatifloxacin (Zymar)	15-29 years	0.8x				
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."			Abnormal movement of eyelid	8		Phenylephrine (Duramax)						
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."			Slurring words	4		Brimonidine Ophthalmic						
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."			Spots or clouds in vision	18		Timolol						
Blindness	"Also known as Loss Of Vision, Vision Loss, and Loss Of Sight"	"Blindness is the condition of lacking visual perception due to physiological or neurological factors. Various scales have been developed to describe the extent of vision loss and define blindness. Total blindness is the complete lack of form and visual light perception and is clinically recorded as NLP, an abbreviation for ""no light perception.""Blindness is frequently used to describe severe visual impairment with residual vision. Those described as having only light perception have no more sight than the ability to tell light from dark and the general direction of a light source."			Focal weakness	18		Fluorescein Ophthalmic						
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	5	Leg swelling	40	Electrocardiogram	Baclofen	15-29 years	0.3x	Male	1.4x	Other	0.9x
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the leg	5	Back pain	40	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Cevimeline (Evoxac)	1-4 years	1.6x	Female	0.7x	Hispanic	0.4x
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hyperlipidemia	4	Paresthesia	35	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	5-14 years	0.5x			White	1.1x
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Herniated disk	4	Arm stiffness or tightness	35	Intravenous fluid replacement	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	< 1 years	1.3x			Black	0.8x
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	4	Sharp chest pain	24	Radiographic imaging procedure	Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept)	30-44 years	0.4x				
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	4	Loss of sensation	24	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Natalizumab (Tysabri)	60-74 years	1.4x				
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Multiple sclerosis	12	Weakness	66	Electrolytes panel	Irbesartan (Avapro)	75+ years	1.1x				
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Transient ischemic attack	5	Leg pain	35	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Thiopental (Pentothal)	45-59 years	0.3x				
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Knee pain	35		Corticotropin (Acthar)						
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Disturbance of memory	24		Solifenacin (Vesicare)						
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Problems with movement	24								
Leg stiffness or tightness	null	Leg stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Low back pain	24								
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Chronic glaucoma	23	Diminished vision	2	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Travoprost (Travatan)	< 1 years	1.2x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.1x
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Retinal detachment	15	Eye burns or stings	2	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	45-59 years	0.0x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.8x
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Diabetic retinopathy	8	Blindness	13	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Bimatoprost Ophthalmic	15-29 years	2.6x			White	0.7x
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Cataract	9	Headache	9	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	60-74 years	0.5x			Black	1.0x
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Myopia	13	Symptoms of eye	70	Other extraocular muscle and orbit therapeutic procedures	Timolol	75+ years	0.1x				
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Floaters	6	Cloudy eye	15	Diagnostic procedures on eye	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	1-4 years	2.2x				
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Vitreous degeneration	5	Foreign body sensation in eye	22	Repair of retinal tear; detachment	Cyclopentolate Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.1x				
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."	Macular degeneration	5	Double vision	9	Lens and cataract procedures	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	5-14 years	0.4x				
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."			Lacrimation	9		Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic						
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."			Shoulder weakness	31		Latanoprost						
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."			Itchiness of eye	41		Cyclosporine Ophthalmic						
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."			Pain in eye	10		Prednisolone Ophthalmic						
Spots or clouds in vision	"Also known as Cloudy vision, Floaters, Spots in front of eyes, and Fuzzy vision"	"Floaters are deposits of various size, shape, consistency, refractive index, and motility within the eyes vitreous humour, which is normally transparent. At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop. The common type of floater, which is present in most peoples eyes, is due to degenerative changes of the vitreous humour. The perception of floaters is known as myodesopsia, or less commonly as myodaeopsia, myiodeopsia, myiodesopsia. They are also called Muscae volitantes (Latin: ""flying flies""), or mouches volantes (from the French). Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in ones visual field. They may appear as spots, threads, or fragments of cobwebs, which float slowly before the observers eyes. Since these objects exist within the eye itself, they are not optical illusions but are entoptic phenomena."						Benoxinate-Fluorescein Ophthalmic						
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	10	Vaginal redness	2	Radiographic imaging procedure	Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (Hcg)	< 1 years	3.9x	Female	0.2x	White	0.5x
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Varicocele of the testicles	1	Unwanted hair	2	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Letrozole (Femara)	5-14 years	0.1x	Male	1.6x	Black	1.0x
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Ovarian cyst	1	Unpredictable menstruation	2	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Menotropins (Hmg)	60-74 years	0.0x			Hispanic	0.3x
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Endometriosis	1	Long menstrual periods	2	Examination of breast	Leuprolide (Lupron)	45-59 years	0.0x			Other	1.3x
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Premature ovarian failure	1	Absence of menstruation	6	Pelvis exam	Cefoxitin	1-4 years	0.0x				
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)	1	Scanty menstrual flow	8	Chlamydia test	Urofollitropin (Bravelle)	75+ years	0.0x				
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Uterine fibroids	65			Standard pregnancy test	Arginine	15-29 years	1.3x				
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."	Female infertility of unknown cause	4			Other non-OR therapeutic procedures; female organs	Progesterone	30-44 years	0.0x				
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."						Ginseng Preparation (Ginsana)						
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."						Ganirelix						
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."						Potassium Aminobenzoate (Potaba)						
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."						Alpha 1-Antitrypsin						
Infertility	"Also known as Can't get pregnant, Inability to conceive, and Sterility"	"Infertility is fundamentally the inability to conceive a baby. Infertility also refers to the state of a woman who is unable to carry a pregnancy to full term. There are many biological causes of infertility, including some that medical intervention can treat. Infertility has increased by 4 percent since the 1980s, mostly from problems with fecundity due to an increase in age. About 40 percent of the issues involved with infertility are due to the man, another 40 percent due to the woman, and 20 percent result from complications with both partners."						Clomiphene (Clomid)						
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Injury to the arm	11	Elbow pain	24	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Plasma Protein Fraction (Plasmanate)	< 1 years	0.7x	Male	1.0x	Other	0.9x
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Bruise	16	Wrist stiffness or tightness	21	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Valdecoxib (Bextra)	30-44 years	0.0x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.9x
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Osteoarthritis	4	Hand or finger swelling	15	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Aluminum Sulfate Topical	60-74 years	1.2x			Black	1.1x
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Sprain or strain	22	Arm swelling	5	Application of splint (Splinting)	Methohexital (Brevital)	1-4 years	0.3x			White	0.9x
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Fracture of the hand	6	Wrist lump or mass	5	Traction; splints; and other wound care	Capsaicin Topical	45-59 years	1.1x				
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Fracture of the arm	12	Arm pain	30	Orthopedic casting	Tocilizumab (Actemra)	5-14 years	1.7x				
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Carpal tunnel syndrome	8	Wrist swelling	53	Radiographic imaging procedure	Goldenseal Preparation	75+ years	1.1x				
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."	Tendinitis	12	Shoulder pain	3	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Saquinavir	15-29 years	0.8x				
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."			Hand or finger pain	31								
Wrist pain	Also known as Pain In Wrist	"Wrist pain or open wrist is a type of syndrome that prevents the patient using their hand due to a dolorous wrist, sometimes, the pain may even be very strong, going in crescendo when trying to apply some force. Normally it's caused after too strong a demand to the wrist, as is the case with weight lifters, athletes in general, or even bricoleurs."			Ankle pain	8								
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Sharp chest pain	50	Radiographic imaging procedure	Lipase	1-4 years	0.6x	Female	0.7x	Black	1.0x
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Acute pancreatitis	7	Changes in stool appearance	34	Electrolytes panel	Neostigmine	60-74 years	1.3x	Male	1.2x	Other	1.5x
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Gallbladder disease	9	Pain during pregnancy	2	Intravenous fluid replacement	Diatrizoate	75+ years	0.1x			White	0.8x
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Cholecystitis	5	Sharp abdominal pain	56	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Rocuronium	5-14 years	0.9x			Hispanic	1.3x
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Pain after an operation	3	Heartburn	6	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Dicyclomine	45-59 years	1.3x				
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Gastritis	3	Nausea	29	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Glycopyrrolate	30-44 years	1.4x				
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Urinary tract infection	3	Stomach bloating	3	Urinalysis	Sucralfate (Carafate)	15-29 years	0.1x				
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Gallstone	5	Lower body pain	20	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Famotidine	< 1 years	0.4x				
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Melena	9		Dexlansoprazole (Dexilant)						
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Back pain	33								
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Vomiting	11								
Upper abdominal pain	"Also known as Epigastric pain, Pain in umbilical region, Right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain, and Left upper quadrant (LUQ) pain"	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Regurgitation	14								
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the hand	18	Hand or finger swelling	10	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Chondroitin-Glucosamine	75+ years	0.6x	Male	1.2x	Black	0.9x
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Carpal tunnel syndrome	5	Paresthesia	6	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Sibutramine (Meridia)	5-14 years	0.2x	Female	0.9x	Other	1.3x
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	5	Wrist stiffness or tightness	6	Application of splint (Splinting)	Paromomycin	60-74 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.0x
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the finger	4	Elbow stiffness or tightness	81	Radiographic imaging procedure	Cortisone	1-4 years	1.3x			White	1.1x
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	7	Loss of sensation	10	Other therapeutic procedures on muscles and tendons	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	30-44 years	0.6x				
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	5	Hand or finger weakness	10	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Etodolac	15-29 years	1.6x				
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Trigger finger (finger disorder)	5	Shoulder stiffness or tightness	15	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on musculoskeletal system	Metolazone	< 1 years	1.0x				
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	7	Foot or toe stiffness or tightness	46	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Ribavirin	45-59 years	0.2x				
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Ankle stiffness or tightness	10		Triamcinolone Topical Product						
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Focal weakness	19		Peginterferon Alfa-2B (Sylatron)						
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger cramps or spasms	6								
Hand or finger stiffness or tightness	null	Hand or finger stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger pain	32								
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Gastritis	3	Constipation	41	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Barium Sulfate	60-74 years	0.5x	Female	1.2x	White	1.1x
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Urinary tract infection	2	Regurgitation	42	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	75+ years	0.4x	Male	0.8x	Black	0.6x
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Anxiety	3	Lower abdominal pain	42	Intravenous fluid replacement	Bisacodyl (The Magic Bullet)	1-4 years	1.0x			Other	1.2x
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Chronic constipation	3	Upper abdominal pain	45	Radiographic imaging procedure	Psyllium	< 1 years	0.6x			Hispanic	1.2x
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	5	Burning abdominal pain	24	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Magnesium Citrate	45-59 years	0.1x				
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Heart failure	11	Vomiting	20	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Lactulose	15-29 years	1.5x				
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Indigestion	5	Heartburn	80	Urinalysis	Methylcellulose (Citrucel)	30-44 years	1.5x				
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."	Irritable bowel syndrome	3	Diarrhea	32	Electrolytes panel	Simethicone (Degas)	5-14 years	1.4x				
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."			Shortness of breath	17		Spironolactone						
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."			Nausea	24		Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)						
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."			Decreased appetite	37		Iohexol (Omnipaque)						
Stomach bloating	"Also known as Abdominal bloating, Stomach fullness, and Bloating"	"Bloating is any abnormal general swelling, or increase in diameter of the abdominal area. As a symptom, the patient feels a full and tight abdomen, which may cause abdominal pain, and sometimes accompanied by increased stomach growling or more seriously the total lack of it."			Sharp abdominal pain	43								
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Acute sinusitis	3	Painful sinuses	30	Occupational therapy assessment (Speech therapy)	Zosyn	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	0.8x	Other	1.1x
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Stroke	3	Bones are painful	22	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Mometasone Nasal Product	30-44 years	0.9x	Female	1.2x	Hispanic	1.4x
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	4	Problems with movement	13	Physical therapy exercises; manipulation; and other procedures	Irbesartan (Avapro)	< 1 years	1.0x			Black	0.2x
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Dementia	3	Symptoms of the face	13	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Diltiazem	15-29 years	1.5x			White	1.0x
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Sialoadenitis	8	Paresthesia	13	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Folic Acid	45-59 years	0.6x				
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Delirium	3	Weakness	51	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Glimepiride	75+ years	0.4x				
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Coronary atherosclerosis	5	Diminished hearing	22	Other physical therapy and rehabilitation	Carbamazepine	5-14 years	2.0x				
Disturbance of smell or taste	null		Chronic sinusitis	14	Headache	72	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Disturbance of smell or taste	null				Fluid in ear	22		Thiamine						
Disturbance of smell or taste	null				Nasal congestion	22		Penbutolol (Levatol)						
Disturbance of smell or taste	null				Foot or toe pain	58		Nifedipine						
Disturbance of smell or taste	null				Loss of sensation	22								
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dysthymic disorder	7	Abnormal involuntary movements	3	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Clomipramine	30-44 years	0.8x	Male	0.9x	White	0.7x
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	4	Breathing fast	10	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Dextroamphetamine (Adderall)	15-29 years	1.1x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.2x
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Panic disorder	7	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	71	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures; male genital	Armodafinil (Nuvigil)	< 1 years	0.5x			Other	0.7x
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	7	Excessive anger	9	Toxicology screen	Methylsulfonylmethane	1-4 years	1.6x			Hispanic	0.6x
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Depression	3	Restlessness	8	Blood alcohol	Buspirone (Buspar)	75+ years	0.0x				
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bipolar disorder	33	Depression	6	Dental procedures (Care dental)	Clonazepam	60-74 years	0.5x				
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Alcohol abuse	22	Fears and phobias	41	Psychotherapy	Phenelzine (Nardil)	45-59 years	1.4x				
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Anxiety	4	Temper problems	31	Mental health counseling	Alprazolam (Xanax)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Insomnia	3		Desvenlafaxine (Pristiq)						
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Palpitations	9		Fluvoxamine (Luvox)						
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Low self-esteem	11		Maprotiline						
Anxiety and nervousness	"Also known as Uncontrollable apprehension, Uncontrollable stress, Bad nerves, Jittery, Panicky feeling, Uncontrollable tension, Uncontrollably upset, Constant worry, and Anxiety"	Anxiety and nervousness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Delusions or hallucinations	5		Naltrexone						
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	7	Vomiting	11	Electrocardiogram	Midazolam (Versed)	15-29 years	1.1x	Male	1.2x	Hispanic	1.0x
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Hemorrhoids	14	Constipation	17	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Dicyclomine	60-74 years	1.0x	Female	0.9x	White	1.0x
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Gastrointestinal hemorrhage	6	Pain of the anus	16	Urinalysis	Glycerin (Fleet)	< 1 years	1.1x			Black	1.0x
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Diverticulosis	3	Burning abdominal pain	35	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Balsalazide	5-14 years	1.1x			Other	0.9x
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Chronic constipation	26	Changes in stool appearance	15	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax)	30-44 years	2.0x				
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Infectious gastroenteritis	12	Blood in urine	67	Intravenous fluid replacement	Mesalamine (Asacol)	1-4 years	0.9x				
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Rectal disorder	3	Sharp abdominal pain	11	Electrolytes panel	Lidocaine-Tetracaine Topical	75+ years	0.8x				
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."	Anal fissure	3	Diarrhea	28	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Octreotide	45-59 years	0.6x				
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."			Rectal bleeding	21		Sulfasalazine						
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."			Melena	64		Benzocaine Topical						
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."			Vomiting blood	11		Psyllium						
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."			Lower abdominal pain	12		Diatrizoate						
Blood in stool	"Also known as Hematochezia, Bloody feces, and  Bloody stool"	"In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool."						Lactobacillus Acidophilus (Dofus)						
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Diabetes	4	Fatigue	52	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Insulin Glargine (Lantus)	60-74 years	0.0x	Female	1.4x	Black	0.9x
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Personality disorder	2	Mouth dryness	28	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Sodium Phosphate	15-29 years	1.4x	Male	0.7x	Other	0.5x
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Cystitis	2	Sharp abdominal pain	20	Intravenous fluid replacement	Insulin	75+ years	0.8x			Hispanic	1.9x
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Hypothyroidism	33	Frequent urination	48	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Glyburide	30-44 years	1.0x			White	0.7x
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Diabetic ketoacidosis	1	Flu-like syndrome	44	Electrolytes panel	"Insulin, Glulisine, Human (Apidra)"	45-59 years	0.8x				
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Hypovolemia	4	Bedwetting	11	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Exenatide (Byetta)	1-4 years	1.6x				
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Bipolar disorder	4	Polyuria	20	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Zinc Sulfate	5-14 years	1.3x				
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."	Hyperosmotic hyperketotic state	2	Dizziness	39	Urinalysis	Rosiglitazone (Avandia)	< 1 years	0.6x				
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."			Diminished vision	34		"Insulin, Aspart, Human (Novolog)"						
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."			Weakness	28		Dalteparin (Fragmin)						
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."			Diarrhea	11								
Thirst	Also known as Thirst Increased and Thirst Increase	"Thirst is the craving for fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink. It is an essential mechanism involved in fluid balance. It arises from a lack of fluids or an increase in the concentration of certain osmolites, such as salt. If the water volume of the body falls below a certain threshold or the osmolite concentration becomes too high, the brain signals thirst."			Feeling ill	82								
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pilonidal cyst	11	Low back pain	8	Biopsy	Benzonatate	45-59 years	0.7x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.2x
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	3	Groin mass	20	Culture wound	Bethanechol	1-4 years	0.3x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hyperlipidemia	3	Disturbance of memory	8	Excision of skin lesion	Levocetirizine (Xyzal)	75+ years	0.3x			White	1.4x
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	3	Involuntary urination	47	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Methenamine	60-74 years	1.0x			Black	0.9x
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	3	Skin growth	8	Wound care management	Griseofulvin	30-44 years	1.2x				
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic back pain	18	Arm lump or mass	34	Incision and drainage (I d)	Droperidol	15-29 years	1.1x				
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Neck mass	8	Excision (Removal)	Rituximab	< 1 years	1.5x				
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lipoma	17	Hand or finger lump or mass	8	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Cholecalciferol	5-14 years	0.7x				
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Warts	14		Eletriptan (Relpax)						
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itching of skin	14		Lidocaine-Prilocaine Topical						
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back pain	25		Sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim)						
Back mass or lump	Also known as Lump On Back	Back mass or lump is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Too little hair	20								
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	14	Ankle pain	6	Wound care management	Indomethacin	< 1 years	1.2x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	0.8x
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Plantar fasciitis	10	Foot or toe weakness	5	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Trientine	60-74 years	0.9x	Male	1.0x	Black	1.1x
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	5	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	3	Orthopedic casting	Choline	45-59 years	0.0x			Other	1.0x
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the foot	6	Leg pain	1	Incision and drainage (I d)	Colchicine	5-14 years	1.1x			White	0.9x
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the finger	4	Foot or toe lump or mass	38	Application of splint (Splinting)	Primaquine	30-44 years	1.3x				
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gout	4	Foot or toe swelling	46	Radiographic imaging procedure	Gadopentetate Dimeglumine (Magnevist)	15-29 years	0.3x				
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	6	Foot or toe cramps or spasms	32	Examination of foot	Devil'S Claw Preparation	1-4 years	0.8x				
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	3	Irregular appearing nails	2	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Ergonovine	75+ years	0.9x				
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foot or toe stiffness or tightness			Etidronate						
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Trolamine Salicylate Topical						
Foot or toe pain	"Also known as Sore foot or toe, Foot pain, and Toe pain"	Foot or toe pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Fenoprofen (Progesic)						
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	3	Skin irritation	15	Wound care management	Ketamine	60-74 years	0.6x	Female	1.0x	Black	0.9x
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	3	Itching of skin	11	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Rifampin	30-44 years	0.6x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.2x
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the hair	7	Skin rash	36	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Econazole Topical	< 1 years	1.2x			White	0.9x
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin cancer	18	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	12	Incision and drainage (I d)	Desoximetasone Topical	1-4 years	1.4x			Hispanic	0.9x
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	4	Facial pain	9	Biopsy	Griseofulvin	5-14 years	1.5x				
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	5	Acne or pimples	13	Excision (Removal)	Desonide Topical	15-29 years	2.0x				
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	4	Skin moles	32	Culture wound	Calamine-Pramoxine Topical	45-59 years	0.9x				
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	4	Lower body pain	4	Excision of skin lesion	Tazarotene Topical	75+ years	0.7x				
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin pain	8		Benzoyl Peroxide-Clindamycin Topical						
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	54		Hexachlorophene Topical						
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Gum pain	9		Adapalene Topical						
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin growth	17		Fluocinolone Topical						
Skin swelling	"Also known as Skin nodules, Skin welts, and Skin swelling"	Skin swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Famciclovir						
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	3	Symptoms of the scrotum and testes	6	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Procainamide	75+ years	0.2x	Male	0.0x	Other	0.9x
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Kidney stone	4	Penile discharge	14	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Asenapine (Saphris)	1-4 years	0.0x	Female	2.4x	Hispanic	1.0x
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Prostatitis	7	Impotence	9	Radiographic imaging procedure	Tigecycline	60-74 years	0.7x			Black	1.3x
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Inguinal hernia	6	Sharp abdominal pain	6	Rectal examination	Doxycycline	< 1 years	0.9x			White	0.8x
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Varicocele of the testicles	3	Lower body pain	17	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Decitabine	15-29 years	1.0x				
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Epididymitis	6	Groin pain	14	Intravenous fluid replacement	Diphenoxylate (Lomotil)	45-59 years	1.5x				
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Erectile dysfunction	24	Pain of the anus	7	Urinalysis	Triazolam (Halcion)	30-44 years	0.2x				
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"	Hydrocele of the testicle	2	Side pain	23	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Diatrizoate	5-14 years	1.6x				
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"			Mass in scrotum	58								
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"			Lower abdominal pain	23								
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"			Penis pain	33								
Pain in testicles	"Also known as Testicle Pain, Testes Pain, Orchialgia, Painful scrotum, Scrotal pain, and Scrotum pain"	"Orchialgia is long-term pain of the testes. Orchialgia may be caused by injury, infection, surgery, cancer or testicular torsion and is a possible complication after vasectomy. One author describes the syndromes of chronic testicular pain thus:"			Swelling of scrotum	29								
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Urinary tract infection	16	Headache	28	Intravenous fluid replacement	Cefepime	45-59 years	0.4x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	7	Nausea	22	Urinalysis	Halobetasol Topical	< 1 years	0.6x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Common cold	7	Nasal congestion	43	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Cefpodoxime	1-4 years	1.1x			Black	1.2x
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Flu	4	Diarrhea	25	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)	30-44 years	1.3x			White	0.9x
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Chronic sinusitis	3	Ache all over	45	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Robitussin Dm	15-29 years	0.1x				
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Pneumonia	4	Shortness of breath	58	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Lincomycin	75+ years	0.9x				
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Acute bronchitis	6	Vomiting	27	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)		5-14 years	1.0x				
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.	Hypovolemia	5	Sore throat	71	Radiographic imaging procedure		60-74 years	1.3x				
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.			Sharp abdominal pain	89								
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.			Weakness	49								
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.			Cough	56								
Chills	Also known as Rigors and Shaking chills	Chills or rigor is a shaking occurring during a high fever. It occurs because cytokines and prostaglandins are released as part of an immune response and increase the set point for body temperature in the hypothalamus.			Fever	34								
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spinal stenosis	6	Paresthesia	7	Electrolytes panel	Castor Oil (Purge)	30-44 years	0.3x	Female	0.9x	Black	1.1x
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	4	Leg swelling	32	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Creatine	15-29 years	0.0x	Male	1.1x	White	0.6x
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lumbago	6	Knee swelling	42	Radiographic imaging procedure	Calcium Hydroxide Topical	5-14 years	2.7x			Hispanic	0.7x
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	4	Low back pain	46	Electrocardiogram	Modafinil (Provigil)	1-4 years	0.4x			Other	1.0x
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stroke	4	Problems with movement	14	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Glatiramer (Copaxone)	75+ years	0.6x				
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Peripheral nerve disorder	6	Hand or finger weakness	18	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Chondroitin	< 1 years	0.7x				
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Multiple sclerosis	3	Slurring words	59	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Amikacin	60-74 years	1.2x				
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic back pain	6	Abnormal involuntary movements	10	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	45-59 years	1.5x				
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg pain	16		Riluzole						
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Loss of sensation	16		Megestrol (Megace)						
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back pain	33		Azathioprine						
Leg weakness	Also known as Lower Extremity Weakness	Leg weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm weakness	29								
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	11	Restlessness	3	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Nicotine	15-29 years	0.1x	Male	1.4x	Black	1.8x
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Schizophrenia	20	Excessive anger	4	Toxicology screen	Ziprasidone (Geodon)	1-4 years	0.6x	Female	0.7x	Hispanic	1.2x
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Psychotic disorder	35	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	19	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Aripiprazole (Abilify)	45-59 years	1.5x			Other	0.9x
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Bipolar disorder	13	Anxiety and nervousness	14	Electrolytes panel	Quetiapine (Seroquel)	30-44 years	1.6x			White	0.7x
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Alcohol abuse	3	Insomnia	5	Urinalysis	Haloperidol	5-14 years	0.8x				
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Depression	3	Fears and phobias	3	Psychotherapy	Benztropine	75+ years	1.1x				
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Anxiety	3	Nightmares	38	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Fluphenazine (Prolixin)	60-74 years	0.4x				
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.	Drug abuse	4	Drug abuse	21	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Paliperidone (Invega)	< 1 years	0.0x				
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.			Disturbance of memory	74		Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)						
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.			Hysterical behavior	27		Risperidone						
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.			Hostile behavior	7		Thiamine						
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.			Depression	55		Chlorpromazine (Thorazine)						
Delusions or hallucinations	"Also known as Grandiosity, Hearing voices, Ideas of reference, Paranoia, Seeing things that aren't there, and Psychotic Episode"	Grandiosity refers to an unrealistic sense of superiority - a sustained view of oneself as better than others that causes the narcissist to view others with disdain or as inferior - as well as to a sense of uniqueness: the belief that few others have anything in common with oneself and that one can only be understood by a few or very special people.						Olanzapine (Zyprexa)						
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Chronic pain disorder	2	Knee swelling	40	Examination of foot	Infliximab (Remicade)	< 1 years	0.0x	Male	1.2x	Other	1.0x
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Rheumatoid arthritis	3	Flu-like syndrome	12	Lipid panel	Masoprocol Topical	60-74 years	0.0x	Female	0.8x	White	1.6x
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Lumbago	3	Back pain	4	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Sulindac	15-29 years	0.5x			Black	0.9x
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Chronic back pain	23	Sweating	11	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil)	30-44 years	1.2x			Hispanic	0.9x
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Fibromyalgia	6	Fatigue	24	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Teriparatide (Forteo)	5-14 years	0.6x				
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Hyperlipidemia	3	Problems with movement	6	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Amantadine	1-4 years	1.2x				
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	High blood pressure	10	Excessive urination at night	6	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Pitcher Plant	45-59 years	1.8x				
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."	Osteoarthritis	8	Hand or finger pain	25	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Exemestane (Aromasin)	75+ years	0.8x				
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."			Joint stiffness or tightness	4		Methotrexate						
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."			Fluid retention	19		Nabumetone						
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."			Muscle pain	7		Sulfasalazine						
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."			Joint swelling	8		Etanercept (Enbrel)						
Joint pain	"Also known as Arthralgia, Aching Joints, and Painful Joints"	"Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain; it is a symptom of injury, infection, illnesses (in particular arthritis) or an allergic reaction to medication."						Colchicine						
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Threatened pregnancy	4	Dizziness	27	Urinalysis	Boric Acid Topical	1-4 years	0.4x	Male	0.4x	Black	0.9x
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Pregnancy	3	Ache all over	36	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Cefotetan	5-14 years	1.2x	Female	1.5x	White	1.0x
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Vulvodynia	7	Lower abdominal pain	16	Radiographic imaging procedure	Milnacipran (Savella)	< 1 years	0.4x			Hispanic	1.3x
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Urinary tract infection	7	Sharp abdominal pain	30	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Magnesium Lactate	75+ years	0.3x			Other	1.0x
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Vaginal cyst	8	Diarrhea	28	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Fluoride Topical	60-74 years	0.3x				
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Spontaneous abortion	3	Vomiting	62	Standard pregnancy test	Terbutaline	30-44 years	2.7x				
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	5	Pain during pregnancy	35	Pelvis exam	Rho(D) Immune Globulin (Rhogam)	45-59 years	0.2x				
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Problem during pregnancy	3	Problems during pregnancy	30	Intravenous fluid replacement	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	15-29 years	0.6x				
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Nausea	16		Sorbitol						
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Vaginal discharge	44		Riluzole						
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	25		L-Methylfolate						
Cramps and spasms	Also known as Muscle Cramps	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Intermenstrual bleeding	26								
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Eye alignment disorder	3	Symptoms of eye	15	Electrocardiogram	Pyridostigmine (Mestinon)	1-4 years	2.2x	Female	1.2x	Other	1.2x
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Cranial nerve palsy	5	Symptoms of the face	18	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	60-74 years	1.4x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	0.5x
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Myasthenia gravis	8	Problems with movement	18	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Glatiramer (Copaxone)	5-14 years	0.0x			Black	0.8x
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Chronic glaucoma	7	Diminished hearing	57	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	< 1 years	1.7x			White	0.7x
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Cataract	6	Headache	41	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Indapamide	30-44 years	0.6x				
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Transient ischemic attack	4	Dizziness	24	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	15-29 years	0.6x				
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Stroke	10	Spots or clouds in vision	21	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Timolol	45-59 years	0.1x				
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."	Macular degeneration	6	Slurring words	24	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Azathioprine	75+ years	0.4x				
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."			Abnormal movement of eyelid	18		Cyclopentolate Ophthalmic						
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."			Abnormal involuntary movements	50		Tropicamide Ophthalmic						
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."			Diminished vision	8								
Double vision	Also known as Diplopia and Seeing double	"Diplopia, commonly known as double vision, is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, or diagonally (i.e. both vertically and horizontally) in relation to each other. It is usually the result of impaired function of the extraocular muscles (EOMs), where both eyes are still functional but they cannot converge to target the desired object. Problems with EOMs may be due to mechanical problems, disorders of the neuromuscular junction, disorders of the cranial nerves (III, IV, and VI) that stimulate the muscles, and occasionally disorders involving the supranuclear oculomotor pathways or ingestion of toxins."			Pain in eye	12								
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the knee	17	Back stiffness or tightness	20	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Candesartan (Atacand)	45-59 years	1.3x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.7x
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	8	Problems with movement	20	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Carisoprodol (Soma)	1-4 years	0.0x	Male	1.1x	Other	0.7x
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gout	2	Stiffness all over	11	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Codeine	15-29 years	1.1x			White	1.3x
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	2	Paresthesia	20	Other therapeutic procedures	Sodium Hyaluronate	60-74 years	0.5x			Black	1.0x
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the leg	2	Hip pain	20	Arthroplasty knee (Knee replacement)	Interferon Beta-1A (Avonex)	75+ years	0.6x				
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	4	Leg weakness	47	Radiographic imaging procedure	Phenobarbital	< 1 years	2.0x				
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Knee ligament or meniscus tear	22	Knee pain	89	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on musculoskeletal system	Cortisone	5-14 years	0.0x				
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic knee pain	15	Knee stiffness or tightness	11	Application of splint (Splinting)	Phenelzine (Nardil)	30-44 years	1.2x				
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Knee swelling	11		Darifenacin (Enablex)						
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Cyproheptadine						
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Salsalate						
Knee weakness	null	Knee weakness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Calcium Acetate						
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Bruise	22	Frequent urination	9	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ketorolac (Toradol)	15-29 years	0.4x	Female	0.9x	Black	0.8x
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Ovarian cyst	2	Pain in testicles	41	Intravenous fluid replacement	Chlorambucil (Leukeran)	45-59 years	0.0x	Male	1.1x	Other	0.9x
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Pyelonephritis	4	Blood in urine	19	Urinalysis	Procainamide	60-74 years	0.8x			Hispanic	1.1x
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Pain after an operation	5	Back pain	13	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Tromethamine	< 1 years	1.5x			White	0.9x
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Chronic back pain	3	Retention of urine	22	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Methylnaltrexone (Relistor)	1-4 years	0.6x				
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Urinary tract infection	2	Lower body pain	42	Radiographic imaging procedure	Dihydrocodeine (Didone)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Kidney stone	10	Painful urination	6	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Anakinra (Kineret)	75+ years	1.3x				
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."	Lumbago	3	Nausea	23	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Tetrabenazine	30-44 years	1.4x				
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Sharp abdominal pain	37		Methylprednisolone Topical						
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Groin pain	17		Pimozide (Orap)						
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Lower abdominal pain	11		Succimer						
Side pain	Also known as Flank pain	"Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) is a common symptom associated with transient disorders or serious disease. Diagnosing the cause of abdominal pain can be difficult, because many diseases can cause this symptom. Most frequently the cause is benign and/or self-limiting, but more serious causes may require urgent intervention."			Vomiting	43								
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Drug abuse	66	Hostile behavior	2	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Thiamine	45-59 years	0.6x	Male	1.6x	Other	0.9x
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Alcohol abuse	6	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	8	Urinalysis	Magnesium Sulfate	15-29 years	0.0x	Female	0.6x	White	1.1x
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Marijuana abuse	8	Antisocial behavior	34	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Naltrexone	30-44 years	1.2x			Hispanic	1.0x
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Drug abuse (cocaine)	4	Vomiting blood	4	Electrolytes panel	Pancuronium	1-4 years	0.0x			Black	1.0x
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Anxiety	5	Slurring words	6	Mental health counseling	Clorazepate	< 1 years	1.6x				
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Bipolar disorder	10	Depression	2	Intravenous fluid replacement	Chlordiazepoxide	60-74 years	0.1x				
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Drug abuse (opioids)	7	Low self-esteem	6	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Acamprosate (Campral)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."	Depression	4	Smoking problems	40	Blood alcohol	Oxazepam	75+ years	1.8x				
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."			Fears and phobias	2		Levocarnitine						
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."			Drug abuse	65		Octreotide						
Abusing alcohol	Also known as Alcohol abuse and Drinking problem	"Alcohol abuse, as described in the DSM-IV, is a psychiatric diagnosis describing the recurring use of alcoholic beverages despite its negative consequences. Alcohol abuse is sometimes referred to by the less specific term alcoholism. However, many definitions of alcoholism exist, and only some are compatible with alcohol abuse. There are two types of alcoholics: those who have anti social and pleasure-seeking tendencies, and those who are anxiety-ridden- people who are able to go without drinking for long periods of time but are unable to control themselves once they start.Binge drinking is another form of alcohol abuse. Frequent binge drinking or getting severely drunk more than twice is classed as alcohol misuse. According to research done through international surveys, the heaviest drinkers happen to be the United Kingdom's adolescent generation."						Disulfiram (Antabuse)						
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Actinic keratosis	5	Abnormal appearing skin	16	Excision (Removal)	Aluminum Chloride Hexahydrate Topical	15-29 years	1.3x	Male	1.1x	Black	1.1x
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Skin cancer	8	Warts	14	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Insulin Aspart-Insulin Aspart Protamine	60-74 years	0.3x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.8x
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Sebaceous cyst	4	Itching of skin	8	Wound care management	Betamethasone-Calcipotriene Topical	45-59 years	0.4x			White	0.8x
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Pyogenic skin infection	6	Skin swelling	21	Examination of foot	Ethanol (On Guard)	1-4 years	1.2x			Other	0.8x
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Skin disorder	26	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	15	Incision and drainage (I d)	Daptomycin	75+ years	1.1x				
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Skin polyp	8	Acne or pimples	4	Excision of skin lesion	Naftifine Topical	< 1 years	0.6x				
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Atrophic skin condition	4	Skin moles	7	Biopsy	Retapamulin Topical	5-14 years	1.3x				
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."	Seborrheic keratosis	10	Irregular appearing nails	3	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Benzoyl Peroxide-Erythromycin Topical	30-44 years	0.9x				
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."			Skin irritation	4		Hexachlorophene Topical						
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."			Mass on eyelid	9		Imiquimod Topical						
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."			Skin pain	10		Ketoconazole Topical						
Skin growth	"Also known as Skin callus, Corns, and Skin tag"	"Corn, or maize, is a large-grained crop native to the Americas."			Irregular appearing scalp	9		Dicloxacillin						
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Fibrocystic breast disease	2	Problems with shape or size of breast	11	Mammography (Mammogram)	Abatacept (Orencia)	60-74 years	0.3x	Male	1.7x	Other	1.0x
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Breast cancer	43	Blood clots during menstrual periods	2	Biopsy	"Belladonna Extract, Usp (Butibel)"	< 1 years	0.5x	Female	0.1x	Hispanic	1.1x
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Gynecomastia	3	Symptoms of infants	1	Radiographic imaging procedure	Arnica Topical	1-4 years	1.4x			Black	1.1x
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Breast infection (mastitis)	2	Vaginal dryness	1	Excision (Removal)	Flavoxate (Urispas)	75+ years	0.1x			White	1.0x
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Sebaceous cyst	8	Irregular belly button	1	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Acarbose	30-44 years	0.9x				
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Breast cyst	8	Pain or soreness of breast	44	Breast biopsy and other diagnostic procedures on breast	Ketoconazole Topical	45-59 years	1.6x				
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."	Fibroadenoma	9	Shoulder lump or mass	1	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Naratriptan (Amerge)	15-29 years	0.9x				
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."			Eyelid lesion or rash	1	Examination of breast	Cabergoline	5-14 years	0.4x				
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."			Vaginal bleeding after menopause	1		Methazolamide (Mzm)						
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."			Skin irritation	1		Estazolam						
Lump or mass of breast	"Also known as Breast bump, Breast knot, Breast nodule, Breast cyst, Breast Mass, and Breast Lump"	"A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast. One breast can have one or more breast cysts. They're often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges. In texture, a breast cyst usually feels like a soft grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm."			Bleeding or discharge from nipple	3								
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ear wax impaction	15	Congestion in chest	16	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Oxymetazoline Nasal	75+ years	0.4x	Male	0.9x	Black	1.2x
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	6	Diminished hearing	37	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Mineral Oil (Stye)	5-14 years	0.1x	Female	1.2x	Hispanic	0.6x
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sensorineural hearing loss	7	Ear pain	8	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Levocetirizine (Xyzal)	60-74 years	1.3x			Other	0.6x
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	8	Coughing up sputum	8	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Carbamide Peroxide Topical	30-44 years	1.0x			White	0.7x
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	5	Allergic reaction	32	Excision (Removal)	Carbamide Peroxide Otic	1-4 years	1.1x				
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	45	Fluid in ear	6	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Budesonide Nasal Product	< 1 years	0.8x				
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	6	Nasal congestion	50	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Pseudoephedrine (Pcm-La)	45-59 years	1.7x				
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	7	Cough	31	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Fluocinolone Otic	15-29 years	0.8x				
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sore throat	38		Ofloxacin						
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Dizziness	7		Azelastine Nasal						
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Frontal headache	13		Hydrogen Peroxide Topical						
Plugged feeling in ear	"Also known as Ear feels blocked, Ear feels full, Ears need cleaning, Excessive ear wax, Congestion in ear, and Ears popping"	Plugged feeling in ear is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Ringing in ear	51								
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Corneal abrasion	7	Eye burns or stings	28	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Erythromycin Ophthalmic	15-29 years	1.5x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.9x
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	3	Double vision	5	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Cyclosporine Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.7x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.3x
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cataract	4	Foreign body sensation in eye	30	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Gentamicin Ophthalmic	60-74 years	1.0x			White	1.0x
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Subconjunctival hemorrhage	6	Pain in eye	5	Other extraocular muscle and orbit therapeutic procedures	Travoprost (Travatan)	30-44 years	0.6x			Black	1.0x
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Macular degeneration	10	White discharge from eye	4	Diagnostic procedures on eye	Fluorescein Ophthalmic	1-4 years	1.5x				
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	3	Diminished vision	12	Lens and cataract procedures	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.0x				
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	12	Blindness	35	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Phenylephrine (Duramax)	45-59 years	1.0x				
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dry eye of unknown cause	3	Eye redness	25	Repair of retinal tear; detachment	Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	< 1 years	1.3x				
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itchiness of eye	14		Olopatadine Ophthalmic						
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Swollen eye	8		Latanoprost						
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lacrimation	12		Bimatoprost Ophthalmic						
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Spots or clouds in vision	5		Prednisolone Ophthalmic						
Symptoms of eye	null	Symptoms of eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Proparacaine Ophthalmic						
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	10	Skin on arm or hand looks infected	7	Application of splint (Splinting)	Trimethoprim	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.6x	White	0.7x
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	6	Leg cramps or spasms	13	Orthopedic casting	Dicloxacillin	5-14 years	0.3x	Female	0.6x	Black	0.7x
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the arm	8	Skin irritation	54	Injections and aspirations of muscles; tendons; bursa; joints and soft tissue	Clindamycin	15-29 years	0.8x			Other	1.5x
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	34	Hand or finger swelling	7	Arthrocentesis	Cefadroxil	< 1 years	0.8x			Hispanic	1.1x
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Joint effusion	5	Arm swelling	23	Radiographic imaging procedure	Colesevelam (Welchol)	75+ years	1.6x				
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	21	Foot or toe swelling	13	Culture wound	Ketoprofen	1-4 years	0.8x				
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the arm	6	Abnormal appearing skin	89	Incision and drainage (I d)	Leflunomide (Arava)	45-59 years	1.4x				
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	3	Elbow stiffness or tightness	13	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	30-44 years	1.3x				
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Elbow pain	7		Pramoxine Topical						
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Knee swelling	7		Indomethacin						
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Elbow lump or mass	7		Clidinium (Librax)						
Elbow swelling	Also known as Swollen Elbow	Elbow swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Feeling hot	13		Cefepime						
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Sinus bradycardia	3	Weakness	16	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Fondaparinux (Arixtra)	30-44 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.1x
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Atrial fibrillation	14	Pallor	22	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Esmolol	5-14 years	1.6x	Male	1.0x	White	0.7x
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	High blood pressure	3	Palpitations	16	Intravenous fluid replacement	Carbon Dioxide	15-29 years	0.6x			Other	0.7x
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Arrhythmia	8	Abnormal involuntary movements	50	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Propafenone	1-4 years	1.8x			Black	1.2x
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia	9	Shortness of breath	23	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Flecainide	60-74 years	0.8x				
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Anxiety	6	Fainting	41	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Beclomethasone (Qvar)	< 1 years	0.2x				
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Coronary atherosclerosis	4	Mouth dryness	5	Radiographic imaging procedure	Etomidate	45-59 years	0.2x				
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."	Pneumonia	4	Irregular heartbeat	32	Electrocardiogram	Diltiazem	75+ years	1.1x				
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."			Chest tightness	10		Adenosine						
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."			Dizziness	25		Procainamide						
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."			Hurts to breath	49								
Increased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too fast, Rapid heartbeat, Heart is racing, and Tachycardia"	"Tachycardia is a heart rate that exceeds the normal range. A resting heart rate over 100 beats per minute is generally accepted as tachycardia. Tachycardia can be caused by various factors which often are benign. However, tachycardia can be dangerous depending on the speed and type of rhythm. Note that if it is pathological, a tachycardia is more correctly defined as a tachyarrhythmia."			Sharp chest pain	5								
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic glaucoma	4	Fever	34	Other OR therapeutic nervous system procedures	Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	5-14 years	5.0x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	11	Foreign body sensation in eye	43	Other extraocular muscle and orbit therapeutic procedures	Tobramycin Ophthalmic	< 1 years	0.5x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.2x
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	3	Cough	75	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Fluorescein Ophthalmic	30-44 years	0.5x			White	1.0x
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	43	Coryza	27	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Polymyxin B Ophthalmic	75+ years	0.5x			Black	0.6x
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	3	Swollen eye	8		Gentamicin Ophthalmic	15-29 years	0.7x				
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to virus	8	Eyelid swelling	15		Timolol	60-74 years	0.3x				
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to bacteria	14	Pain in eye	34		Tobramycin (Tobi)	45-59 years	5.9x				
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blepharitis	3	Nasal congestion	42		Ciprofloxacin Ophthalmic	1-4 years	1.6x				
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of eye	48		Moxifloxacin (Avelox)						
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itchiness of eye	57		Ofloxacin Ophthalmic						
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eye redness	19		Erythromycin						
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lacrimation	53		Gentamicins (Gentamicin)						
White discharge from eye	null	White discharge from eye is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Erythromycin Ophthalmic						
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Vaginal cyst	5	Heavy menstrual flow	9	Radiographic imaging procedure	Portia	45-59 years	2.6x	Female	0.0x	Black	1.6x
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Urinary tract infection	8	Cramps and spasms	12	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ergonovine	75+ years	0.0x	Male	1.7x	Hispanic	1.8x
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Pregnancy	5	Absence of menstruation	6	Standard pregnancy test	Progesterone	5-14 years	1.8x			Other	1.3x
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Idiopathic nonmenstrual bleeding	5	Lower abdominal pain	27	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Ephedrine (Kie)	60-74 years	0.0x			White	0.7x
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Vulvodynia	10	Painful menstruation	6	Urinalysis	Methylergonovine (Methergine)	30-44 years	0.2x				
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Threatened pregnancy	7	Blood clots during menstrual periods	6	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Rocuronium	< 1 years	0.6x				
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	6	Frequent menstruation	6	Pelvis exam	Medroxyprogesterone	1-4 years	0.1x				
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	5	Vaginal pain	41	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Levonorgestrel	15-29 years	0.1x				
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."			Vaginal discharge	6		Modicon						
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."			Pelvic pain	12		Tinidazole						
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."			Sharp abdominal pain	61		Metronidazole Topical Product						
Intermenstrual bleeding	"Also known as Bleeding between menstrual periods, Breakthrough vaginal bleeding, and Menometrorrhagia"	"Vaginal bleeding is any bleeding through the vagina, including bleeding from the vaginal wall itself, as well as (and more commonly) bleeding from another location of the female reproductive system. Generally, it is either a physiologic response during the non-conceptional menstrual cycle or caused by hormonal or organic problems of the reproductive system. Vaginal bleeding may occur at any age, but always needs investigation when encountered in female children or postmenopausal women. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy may indicate a possible pregnancy complication that needs to be medically addressed."			Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	41								
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Mononucleosis	2	Swollen tongue	29	Electrolytes panel	Epinephrine	45-59 years	0.2x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Allergy	4	Lip swelling	31	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Cimetidine	75+ years	1.3x	Male	1.1x	Other	1.3x
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Common cold	2	Sore throat	20	Intravenous fluid replacement	Dexamethasone	60-74 years	0.7x			Black	0.7x
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Chronic sinusitis	9	Skin rash	13	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	< 1 years	0.7x			White	0.6x
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	11	Fever	29	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	30-44 years	0.8x				
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Drug reaction	3	Cough	36	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Dexamethasone Topical Product	1-4 years	1.7x				
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Strep throat	29	Hoarse voice	31	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Penicillin	15-29 years	1.2x				
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."	Anxiety	2	Difficulty in swallowing	31	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Cefditoren (Spectracef)	5-14 years	0.0x				
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."			Allergic reaction	74		Magnesium Hydroxide (M.A.H.)						
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."			Peripheral edema	57		Claritin D						
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."			Shortness of breath	13								
Throat swelling	Also known as Pharyngeal Edema	"Angioedema (BE: angiooedema) or Quincke's edema is the rapid swelling (edema) of the dermis, subcutaneous tissue,mucosa and submucosal tissues. It is very similar to urticaria, but urticaria, commonly known as hives, occurs in the upper dermis. The term angioneurotic oedema was used for this condition in the belief that there was nervous system involvement, but this is no longer thought to be the case."			Difficulty breathing	29								
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	6	Wrist swelling	21	Electrolytes panel	Urea	15-29 years	1.1x	Male	0.9x	Other	0.8x
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	3	Elbow swelling	13	Radiographic imaging procedure	Fondaparinux (Arixtra)	1-4 years	1.0x	Female	1.2x	Hispanic	1.3x
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	25	Itching of skin	17	Application of splint (Splinting)	Dopamine	5-14 years	0.1x			White	0.9x
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the arm	7	Abnormal appearing skin	10	Intravenous fluid replacement	Piperacillin (Zosyn)	30-44 years	0.8x			Black	1.0x
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Thrombophlebitis	4	Arm pain	13	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Ertapenem	45-59 years	1.2x				
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney failure	3	Peripheral edema	10	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Ceftazidime	75+ years	1.0x				
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	6	Leg swelling	29	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Neomycin (Septa)	60-74 years	1.0x				
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Insect bite	3	Wrist pain	82	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Vancomycin	< 1 years	1.1x				
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger swelling	13		Exemestane (Aromasin)						
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm lump or mass	13		Saquinavir						
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin on arm or hand looks infected	69		Dobutamine						
Arm swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Arm, Swollen Arm, and Upper Extremity Swelling"	Arm swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Loss of sensation	19		Imipenem						
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	10	Peripheral edema	50	Biopsy	Olopatadine Nasal	60-74 years	0.6x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.2x
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	2	Fever	9	Therapeutic radiology for cancer treatment (Irradiation)	Cefixime (Suprax)	30-44 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	White	1.0x
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Spinal stenosis	3	Flu-like syndrome	9	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Neomycin (Septa)	15-29 years	1.9x			Black	0.8x
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sialoadenitis	4	Swollen lymph nodes	9	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Ciclesonide Nasal	5-14 years	0.2x			Hispanic	1.2x
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lymphadenitis	5	Neck mass	64	Culture wound	Cefaclor (Ceclor)	< 1 years	1.7x				
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	8	Neck pain	26	Blood culture	Clindamycin	45-59 years	1.0x				
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic sinusitis	8	Jaw swelling	13	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Calcium Polycarbophil (Fibercon)	1-4 years	1.1x				
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	2	Hand or finger swelling	13	Intravenous fluid replacement	Flecainide	75+ years	0.6x				
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Throat swelling	42		Phenol Topical						
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sore throat	23		Cefoxitin						
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Difficulty in swallowing	34		Cefditoren (Spectracef)						
Neck swelling	null	Neck swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Fluid retention	34		Chlorpheniramine (C.P.M.)						
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	2	Shortness of breath	80	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Adefovir	< 1 years	0.3x	Male	0.8x	White	1.1x
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	3	Apnea	69	Echocardiography	Ropinirole	45-59 years	0.9x	Female	1.3x	Hispanic	0.7x
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Obesity	51	Hurts to breath	17	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Methylsulfonylmethane	15-29 years	0.5x			Other	1.0x
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Chronic sinusitis	1	Abnormal involuntary movements	7	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Iodinated Glycerol (Organidin)	30-44 years	1.7x			Black	0.7x
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Deviated nasal septum	2	Swollen or red tonsils	9	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Bilberry Extract	5-14 years	1.1x				
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	4	Difficulty in swallowing	21	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Ciclesonide Nasal	75+ years	0.9x				
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Tonsillitis	2	Fatigue	48	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Zaleplon (Sonata)	60-74 years	1.2x				
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."	Tonsillar hypertrophy	2	Weight gain	30	Excision (Removal)	Drospirenone-Estradiol	1-4 years	0.9x				
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."			Mouth dryness	53		Oxymetazoline Nasal						
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."			Sleepiness	14		Cinnamon Preparation						
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."			Difficulty breathing	12		Aminolevulinic Acid Topical						
Abnormal breathing sounds	"Also known as Rales, Rattled breathing, Rhonchi, and Stridor"	"Crackles, crepitations, or rales (i/_r__ls/ RAHLS or /_r쬷s/ RALS) are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation. They are often heard only with a stethoscope (""on auscultation""). Bilateral crackles refers to the presence of crackles in both lungs."			Insomnia	46								
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Skin polyp	2	Diaper rash	2	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Trichloroacetic Acid Topical	60-74 years	1.4x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.4x
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Seborrheic keratosis	2	Too little hair	2	Excision (Removal)	Minocycline	5-14 years	0.5x	Male	1.2x	Other	1.2x
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Skin cancer	2	Vulvar sore	8	Rectal examination	Urea Topical	30-44 years	3.3x			White	1.0x
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Skin disorder	78	Penis pain	16	Excision of skin lesion	Candida Albicans Extract	15-29 years	0.5x			Black	0.8x
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Molluscum contagiosum	3	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	18	Biopsy	Acetic Acid Topical	75+ years	0.2x				
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Acne	3	Skin pain	3	Wound care management	Cimetidine	45-59 years	0.1x				
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Viral warts	3	Tongue lesions	2	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Bleomycin	< 1 years	0.9x				
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."	Contact dermatitis	2	Skin growth	7	Examination of foot	Salicylic Acid Topical	1-4 years	0.8x				
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."			Acne or pimples	15		Tretinoin Topical						
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."			Skin moles	2		Adapalene Topical						
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."			Leg lump or mass	2		Podophyllum Resin Topical						
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."			Back mass or lump	2		Imiquimod Topical						
Warts	Also known as Condyloma and Condyloma acuminatum	"A wart is a small, rough growth resembling a cauliflower or a solid blister. It typically occurs on humans' hands or feet but often in other locations. Warts are caused by a viral infection, specifically by one of the many types of human papillomavirus (HPV). There are as many as 10 varieties of warts, the most common considered to be mostly harmless. It is possible to get warts from others; they are contagious and usually enter the body in an area of broken skin. They typically disappear after a few months but can last for years and can recur."						Tazarotene Topical						
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Atrial fibrillation	3	Hurts to breath	54	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Dimenhydrinate (Dramamine)	75+ years	0.5x	Male	1.1x	Other	0.6x
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Pneumonia	5	Fainting	17	Electrocardiogram	Prazosin	60-74 years	0.3x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.7x
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Heart failure	37	Irregular heartbeat	29	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Insulin Aspart-Insulin Aspart Protamine	30-44 years	0.4x			White	0.6x
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Sinus bradycardia	9	Sharp chest pain	42	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dopamine	45-59 years	1.7x			Black	1.3x
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Urinary tract infection	3	Feeling ill	34	Radiographic imaging procedure	Sotalol	15-29 years	0.5x				
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Heart block	10	Plugged feeling in ear	29	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Atropine (Uaa)	< 1 years	4.9x				
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	High blood pressure	4	Difficulty breathing	29	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Felodipine	1-4 years	0.3x				
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."	Hyperkalemia	3	Shortness of breath	23	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Isoproterenol	5-14 years	0.0x				
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."			Chest tightness	9		Sodium Bicarbonate						
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."			Ear pain	17		Lutein						
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."			Weakness	9		Glucagon						
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."			Dizziness	17		Sodium Polystyrene Sulfonate (Kayexalate)						
Decreased heart rate	"Also known as Pulse too slow, Slow heart, BradycardiaSlow Pulse, and Slow Heart Beat"	"Bradycardia (/_br쬯__k_rdi_/; from the Greek ______, bradys ""slow"", and ______, kardia, ""heart""), in the context of adult medicine, is the resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM), although it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 BPM. It sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very low rates fainting. A waking heart rate below 40 BPM is considered absolute bradycardia."						Dorzolamide Ophthalmic						
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	3	Impotence	19	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Doxazosin	30-44 years	0.1x	Female	0.5x	White	1.1x
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Erectile dysfunction	7	Low urine output	19	Urinalysis	Leuprolide (Lupron)	75+ years	3.6x	Male	1.6x	Other	1.5x
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Urinary tract infection	9	Polyuria	38	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)	15-29 years	0.3x			Hispanic	0.6x
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Prostate cancer	8	Blood in urine	9	Rectal examination	Tolterodine (Detrol)	60-74 years	0.4x			Black	0.8x
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Hyperlipidemia	3	Involuntary urination	70	Lipid panel	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	45-59 years	0.0x				
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Kidney stone	3	Painful urination	21	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Psyllium	1-4 years	0.3x				
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	High blood pressure	3	Suprapubic pain	30	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Darifenacin (Enablex)	5-14 years	0.9x				
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."	Prostatitis	25	Joint pain	6	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Silodosin (Rapaflo)	< 1 years	2.2x				
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."			Frequent urination	12		Terazosin						
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."			Symptoms of prostate	9		Finasteride (Propecia)						
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."			Retention of urine	16		Dutasteride (Avodart)						
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."			Symptoms of bladder	50		Oxybutynin						
Excessive urination at night	Also known as Nocturia and Waking multiple times at night to pee	"Nocturia (derived from Latin nox, night, and Greek  ____, urine), also called nycturia (Greek _________), is the need to get up in the night to urinate, thus interrupting sleep. Its occurrence is more frequent in pregnant women and in the elderly. Nocturia could result simply from too much liquid intake before going to bed (usually the case in the young), or it could be a symptom of a larger problem, such as sleep apnea, hyperparathyroidism,chronic renal failure, urinary incontinence, bladder infection, interstitial cystitis, diabetes, congestive heart failure, benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral pelvic junction obstruction, uterine fibroids, eating disorders, diabetes insipidus or prostate cancer."						Tamsulosin (Flomax)						
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Aphthous ulcer	3	Neck mass	16	CAT scan of head (Head ct)	Azelastine Nasal	60-74 years	0.9x	Male	1.0x	Black	1.2x
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Transient ischemic attack	6	Loss of sensation	11	Other OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Sitagliptin (Januvia)	1-4 years	1.0x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.7x
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Open wound of the mouth	8	Symptoms of the face	34	Diagnostic ultrasound of head and neck	Anastrozole (Arimidex)	30-44 years	0.8x			Hispanic	1.0x
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral mucosal lesion	2	Throat feels tight	16	Excision (Removal)	Gentian Violet Topical	< 1 years	1.0x			White	1.1x
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Mucositis	4	Fever	20	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Butalbital (G-1)	45-59 years	2.3x				
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Head and neck cancer	2	Difficulty in swallowing	39	Biopsy	Nystatin Topical Product	75+ years	0.9x				
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	2	Cough	24	Cancer chemotherapy (Chemotherapy)	Triamcinolone Nasal Product	5-14 years	1.9x				
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Burn	4	Swollen tongue	11	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Acyclovir	15-29 years	0.7x				
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Tongue pain	16		Diflorasone Topical						
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Paresthesia	24		Tolazamide						
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Mouth pain	24		Norgestrel						
Tongue lesions	"Also known as White spots on tongue, Ulcer on tongue, and Sore on tongue"	Tongue lesions is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sore throat	34								
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gout	8	Shortness of breath	6	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Diflorasone Topical	45-59 years	0.5x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.3x
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	3	Skin irritation	87	Radiographic imaging procedure	Factor Ix Complex (Obsolete)	< 1 years	0.9x	Male	0.9x	Other	0.7x
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	17	Peripheral edema	5	Application of splint (Splinting)	Hyaluronidase	15-29 years	1.2x			Black	0.9x
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	6	Leg swelling	25	Examination of foot	Iothalamate	60-74 years	1.2x			White	1.0x
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the leg	2	Abnormal appearing skin	27	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Indomethacin	75+ years	1.2x				
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the foot	2	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	51	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Liraglutide (Victoza)	30-44 years	1.1x				
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	7	Foot or toe pain	20	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Nystatin	1-4 years	0.8x				
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the finger	8	Ankle swelling	6	Electrolytes panel	"Tetanus Immune Globulin, Human"	5-14 years	0.2x				
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foot or toe stiffness or tightness	4		Trientine						
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger swelling	22		Colchicine						
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Problems with movement	9		Ethanol (On Guard)						
Foot or toe swelling	"Also known as Pedal Edema, Foot Swelling, and Swelling Of Feet"	Foot or toe swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Irregular appearing nails	15		Flurbiprofen						
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Urethritis	2	Pelvic pain	29	Urinalysis	Lomefloxacin (Maxaquin)	45-59 years	0.1x	Male	0.6x	Other	1.1x
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Cystitis	49	Blood in urine	12	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Clofazimine	1-4 years	0.8x	Female	1.3x	Black	1.1x
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Vaginitis	8	Back pain	23	Blood culture	Ciprofloxacin	5-14 years	1.6x			Hispanic	1.1x
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Pyelonephritis	2	Low back pain	23	Pelvis exam	Oxacillin	15-29 years	1.2x			White	0.9x
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Temporary or benign blood in urine	3	Frequent urination	31	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	30-44 years	0.8x				
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Urinary tract infection	3	Vaginal itching	44	Standard pregnancy test	Cefixime (Suprax)	75+ years	0.9x				
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Prostatitis	3	Retention of urine	18	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Clove	< 1 years	0.8x				
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."	Kidney stone	3	Suprapubic pain	26	Chlamydia test	Flavoxate (Urispas)	60-74 years	0.8x				
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."			Lower abdominal pain	66		Bactrim						
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."			Side pain	13		Trimethoprim						
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."			Vaginal discharge	29		Cefpodoxime						
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."			Sharp abdominal pain	37		Sodium Hyaluronate Topical						
Painful urination	Also known as Dysuria and Painful Micturition	"In medicine, specifically urology, dysuria refers to painful urination."						Nitrofurantoin						
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Allergy	22	Itchiness of eye	17	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Erythromycin	30-44 years	1.0x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.0x
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	8	Allergic reaction	25	Other extraocular muscle and orbit therapeutic procedures	Tetracaine (One Touch)	5-14 years	1.2x	Male	0.9x	White	1.5x
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chalazion	3	Eyelid lesion or rash	41		Gentamicin Ophthalmic	< 1 years	1.2x			Other	1.7x
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Blepharitis	3	Itchy eyelid	43		Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	1-4 years	0.8x			Hispanic	0.8x
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis	6	White discharge from eye	21		Erythromycin Ophthalmic	60-74 years	2.8x				
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	6	Lacrimation	17		Fluorescein Ophthalmic	15-29 years	0.3x				
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Stye	5	Abnormal appearing skin	29		Sodium Sulfacetamide Ophthalmic	45-59 years	1.2x				
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Conjunctivitis due to allergy	5	Symptoms of eye	50		Tobramycin (Tobi)	75+ years	0.6x				
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Nasal congestion	17		Bacitracin Ophthalmic						
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Eye redness	29		Proparacaine Ophthalmic						
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diminished vision	25		Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Eyelid swelling	"Also known as Swelling Of Eyelid, Swollen Eyelid, and Puffy Eyelid"	Eyelid swelling is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pain in eye	50		Olopatadine Ophthalmic						
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Bipolar disorder	12	Abusing alcohol	23	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Lorazepam	1-4 years	1.1x	Female	1.6x	Black	0.8x
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Conduct disorder	16	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	10	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Chlorpromazine (Thorazine)	45-59 years	0.4x	Male	0.6x	White	1.3x
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Alcohol abuse	17	Fears and phobias	25	Blood alcohol	Lithium (Li)	5-14 years	2.5x			Other	1.2x
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Developmental disability	8	Temper problems	12	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Haloperidol	75+ years	0.6x			Hispanic	1.4x
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Schizophrenia	6	Depression	76	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Divalproex Sodium (Depakote)	30-44 years	0.8x				
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	9	Hysterical behavior	16	Electrolytes panel	Olanzapine (Zyprexa)	< 1 years	0.0x				
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Depression	6	Restlessness	10	Toxicology screen	Risperidone	60-74 years	1.4x				
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."	Psychotic disorder	17	Obsessions and compulsions	27	Urinalysis	Benztropine	15-29 years	0.3x				
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."			Delusions or hallucinations	12		Quetiapine (Seroquel)						
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."			Insomnia	16		Nicotine						
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."			Drug abuse	7		Atomoxetine (Strattera)						
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."			Excessive anger	33		Ziprasidone (Geodon)						
Hostile behavior	"Also known as Aggressiveness, Combative, Criminality, Cruelty, Being destructive, and Quarrelsome"	"Aggression, in its broadest sense, is behavior, or a disposition, that is forceful, hostile or attacking. It may occur either in retaliation or without provocation."						Aripiprazole (Abilify)						
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Urethral stricture	3	Frequent urination	22	Electrolytes panel	Finasteride (Propecia)	1-4 years	2.0x	Female	1.6x	Hispanic	1.1x
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Urinary tract obstruction	16	Suprapubic pain	32	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Doxazosin	60-74 years	0.6x	Male	0.6x	White	0.8x
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Urinary tract infection	2	Involuntary urination	15	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Magnesium Citrate	5-14 years	0.4x			Black	0.7x
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Prostate cancer	3	Symptoms of prostate	33	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Clofazimine	30-44 years	0.4x			Other	1.1x
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Bladder obstruction	15	Constipation	32	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Terazosin	< 1 years	0.2x				
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Kidney stone	2	Side pain	12	Urinalysis	Dutasteride (Avodart)	45-59 years	2.9x				
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Temporary or benign blood in urine	2	Excessive urination at night	9	Intravenous fluid replacement	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	75+ years	0.9x				
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	2	Lower abdominal pain	19	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Tamsulosin (Flomax)	15-29 years	0.4x				
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"			Blood in urine	24		Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)						
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"			Impotence	16		Silodosin (Rapaflo)						
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"			Painful urination	11		Bethanechol						
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"			Sharp abdominal pain	15		Methenamine						
Retention of urine	"Also known as Can't urinate, Can't pee, Urinary retention, Retention of urine, Bladder Retention, and Unable To Empty Bladder"	"Urinary retention, also known as ischuria, is a lack of ability to urinate. It is a common complication of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), though it can also be caused by:"						Sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim)						
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Asthma	5	Hurts to breath	30	Electrocardiogram	Alclometasone Topical	30-44 years	0.7x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.1x
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Common cold	3	Difficulty breathing	16	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Budesonide Nasal Product	1-4 years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.6x
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Pneumonia	9	Shortness of breath	5	Electrolytes panel	Brompheniramine (E.N.T.)	60-74 years	1.1x			White	0.6x
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	9	Cough	20	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Iodine (I-Deal)	< 1 years	1.4x			Other	1.1x
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Pleural effusion	5	Nasal congestion	8	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Budesonide	15-29 years	2.3x				
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Coronary atherosclerosis	4	Sore throat	5	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Neostigmine	5-14 years	0.4x				
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	9	Wheezing	30	X-ray computed tomography (Scan ct)	Moexipril	75+ years	2.4x				
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."	Chronic sinusitis	4	Frontal headache	25	Nebulizer therapy	Caffeine	45-59 years	1.4x				
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."			Apnea	51		"Insulin, Glulisine, Human (Apidra)"						
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."			Swollen or red tonsils	8								
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."			Smoking problems	10								
Drainage in throat	Also known as Postnasal Drip	"Post-nasal drip (PND, also termed upper airway cough syndrome, UACS, or post nasal drip syndrome, PNDS), occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa. The excess mucus accumulates in the throat or back of the nose. It is caused by rhinitis, sinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or by a disorder of swallowing (such as an esophageal motility disorder). It is frequently caused by an allergy, which may be seasonal or persistent throughout the year."			Diminished hearing	42								
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Chronic otitis media	7	Bleeding from ear	21	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Triethanolamine Polypeptide Oleate Otic	< 1 years	0.5x	Male	0.8x	White	1.1x
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Ear drum damage	8	Fever	82	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Pramoxine Otic	15-29 years	0.3x	Female	1.3x	Black	0.7x
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	40	White discharge from eye	5	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Ofloxacin	75+ years	2.0x			Hispanic	1.2x
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Acute otitis media	4	Plugged feeling in ear	39	Tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy	Gentamicins (Gentamicin)	60-74 years	0.5x			Other	1.0x
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)	5	Redness in ear	18	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic	30-44 years	2.6x				
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Common cold	3	Cough	36	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Naphazoline-Pheniramine Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.6x				
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Ear wax impaction	3	Ear pain	45	Tympanoplasty	Triiodothyronine (Cytomel)	1-4 years	0.4x				
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."	Otitis media	17	Pulling at ears	18	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Neomycin (Septa)	45-59 years	5.7x				
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."			Diminished hearing	12		Cefaclor (Ceclor)						
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."			Nasal congestion	9		Cefdinir						
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."			Itchy ear(s)	7		Cefprozil						
Fluid in ear	Also known as Discharge from ear and Otorrhea	"Otitis media (Latin for ""inflammation of the middle ear"") is the medical term for middle ear infection. Although several subtypes of otitis media are distinguished, the term is often used synonymously with acute otitis media. It is very common in childhood."			Ringing in ear	9								
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Pancreatic cancer	2	Recent weight loss	12	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Gemcitabine (Gemzar)	60-74 years	0.2x	Female	0.8x	Other	2.9x
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Neonatal jaundice	2	Sleepiness	4	Liver function tests (Liver test)	Rocuronium	15-29 years	0.4x	Male	1.3x	White	0.7x
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Hepatitis due to a toxin	1	Sharp abdominal pain	8	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Ethanol (On Guard)	1-4 years	0.4x			Hispanic	0.8x
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Choledocholithiasis	47	Irregular belly button	8	Electrolytes panel	Scopolamine	30-44 years	0.5x			Black	1.6x
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Hypovolemia	2	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	12	Intravenous fluid replacement	Aprepitant (Emend)	< 1 years	0.3x				
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Metabolic disorder	1	Constipation	8	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Cefotaxime	75+ years	21.7x				
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Liver disease	1	Infant feeding problem	36	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Pimecrolimus Topical	5-14 years	0.2x				
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."	Gallstone	10	Symptoms of infants	12	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Desflurane	45-59 years	0.3x				
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."			Decreased appetite	21		Dolasetron (Anzemet)						
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."			Low urine output	4		Ampicillin						
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."			Unusual color or odor to urine	12		Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)						
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."			Upper abdominal pain	15		Plasma Protein Fraction (Plasmanate)						
Jaundice	"Also known as Scleral incterus, Yellow eyes, and Yellow skin"	"Jaundice (also known as icterus, from the Greek word _______; adjectival form, icteric) is a yellowish pigmentation of the skin, the conjunctival membranes over the sclerae (whites of the eyes), and other mucous membranes caused by hyperbilirubinemia (increased levels of bilirubin in the blood). This hyperbilirubinemia subsequently causes increased levels of bilirubin in the extracellular fluid. Concentration of bilirubin in blood plasma is normally below 1.2 mg/dL (<25엸ol/L). A concentration higher than 2.5툜g/dL (>50엸ol/L) leads to jaundice. The term jaundice comes from the French word jaune, meaning yellow."						Adefovir						
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Insect bite	3	Abnormal appearing skin	2	Diagnostic procedures; male genital	Triamcinolone	1-4 years	2.0x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	1.2x
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Eczema	4	Allergic reaction	7	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Betamethasone-Clotrimazole Topical	15-29 years	0.6x	Male	1.1x	Black	0.9x
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Shingles (herpes zoster)	5	Lip swelling	12	Excision of skin lesion	Hydroxyzine	60-74 years	2.9x			White	1.3x
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Pyogenic skin infection	22	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	52	Culture wound	Hydrocortisone Topical	75+ years	0.7x			Other	1.2x
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Scabies	3	Skin pain	3	Lower gastrointestinal X-ray	Petrolatum Topical	30-44 years	0.6x				
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Contact dermatitis	4	Skin swelling	35	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)	45-59 years	2.7x				
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Fungal infection of the skin	11	Irregular appearing scalp	7		Clotrimazole Topical	5-14 years	0.9x				
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."	Allergy	3	Itching of skin	3		Desonide Topical	< 1 years	0.5x				
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."			Fever	20		Clobetasol Topical						
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."			Skin irritation	6		Ketoconazole						
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."						Fluocinonide Topical						
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."						Permethrin Topical						
Skin rash	Also known as Skin eruption and Eczema	"A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance or texture. A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell and may be painful. The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. The diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions."						Terbinafine Topical						
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Otitis media	3	Hurts to breath	15	Blood culture	Combivent	60-74 years	0.6x	Male	1.2x	Hispanic	1.2x
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Acute bronchitis	47	Shortness of breath	87	Radiographic imaging procedure	Metyrapone	< 1 years	0.6x	Female	0.9x	White	1.0x
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Pneumonia	4	Coughing up sputum	1	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Ipratropium	15-29 years	1.8x			Other	0.8x
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Acute bronchiolitis	4	Chest tightness	69	Cardiac monitoring (Cardiac monitor)	Albuterol	30-44 years	0.5x			Black	1.7x
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Croup	6	Nasal congestion	23	Nebulizer therapy	Levalbuterol (Xopenex)	1-4 years	3.9x				
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	4	Fever	9	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Prednisone	45-59 years	0.5x				
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Common cold	12	Difficulty breathing	49	Arterial blood gases (ABGs)	Budesonide	5-14 years	4.3x				
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."	Asthma	15	Throat irritation	48	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Terbutaline	75+ years	0.6x				
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."			Cough	3		Prednisolone						
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."			Burning chest pain	1		Beclomethasone Nasal Product						
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."			Coryza	7								
Wheezing	null	"A wheeze (formally called ""sibilant rhonchi"" in medical terminology) is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing. For wheezes to occur, some part of the respiratory tree must be narrowed or obstructed, or airflow velocity within the respiratory tree must be heightened. Wheezing is commonly experienced by persons with a lung disease; the most common cause of recurrent wheezing is asthma attacks, though it can also be a symptom of lung cancer."			Drainage in throat	48								
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Dry eye of unknown cause	3	Slurring words	31	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Magnesium Salicylate (Magan)	5-14 years	1.8x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.3x
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Cataract	7	Eye moves abnormally	11	Repair of retinal tear; detachment	"Sodium Chloride, Hypertonic, Ophthalmic"	< 1 years	1.4x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.6x
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Hyperopia	3	Diminished vision	11	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Brimonidine Ophthalmic	75+ years	1.3x			Other	0.8x
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Diabetic retinopathy	4	Lacrimation	11	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Pergolide	30-44 years	0.8x			White	1.2x
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Myasthenia gravis	3	White discharge from eye	6	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Pyridostigmine (Mestinon)	1-4 years	0.2x				
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Tic (movement) disorder	5	Pain in eye	20	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Timolol	60-74 years	1.1x				
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Blepharospasm	3	Paresthesia	20	Injections and aspirations of muscles; tendons; bursa; joints and soft tissue	Tropicamide Ophthalmic	45-59 years	1.8x				
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."	Cranial nerve palsy	3	Abnormal involuntary movements	16	Other therapeutic procedures	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	15-29 years	0.5x				
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."			Foreign body sensation in eye	46		Dexamethasone-Tobramycin Ophthalmic						
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."			Headache	24		Tobramycin (Tobi)						
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."			Eye redness	11		Acetylcholine Ophthalmic						
Abnormal movement of eyelid	"Also known as Excessive blinking, Drooping eyelid, Involuntary squinting, and Twitching eyelid"	"Ptosis /_to_s_s/ (from Greek Ptosis or _____, to ""fall"") is a drooping or falling of the upper or lower eyelid. The drooping may be worse after being awake longer, when the individual's muscles are tired. This condition is sometimes called ""lazy eye"", but that term normally refers to amblyopia. If severe enough and left untreated, the drooping eyelid can cause other conditions, such as amblyopia or astigmatism. This is why it is especially important for this disorder to be treated in children at a young age, before it can interfere with vision development."			Double vision	48		Hyaluronidase						
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Chronic back pain	5	Dizziness	16	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Metaxalone (Skelaxin)	< 1 years	0.9x	Male	0.9x	Other	0.7x
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	High blood pressure	6	Leg swelling	25	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Diazepam (Valium)	15-29 years	0.7x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.3x
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Muscle spasm	3	Headache	43	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Nabumetone	60-74 years	0.0x			Black	1.0x
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Sprain or strain	3	Sharp chest pain	11	Lipid panel	Pyridoxine	45-59 years	1.2x			White	0.4x
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Fibromyalgia	3	Low back pain	21	Injections and aspirations of muscles; tendons; bursa; joints and soft tissue	Methocarbamol	5-14 years	1.9x				
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Multiple sclerosis	27	Muscle pain	37	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Hydrocortisone	75+ years	0.9x				
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Anxiety	9	Ache all over	11	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Botulinum Toxin Type A (Botox)	1-4 years	0.0x				
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."	Spinal stenosis	8	Focal weakness	25	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Orphenadrine (Flexon)	30-44 years	0.2x				
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."			Leg pain	25		Rimabotulinumtoxinb (Myobloc)						
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."			Abnormal involuntary movements	32		Tizanidine						
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."			Paresthesia	32		Carisoprodol (Soma)						
"Muscle cramps, contractures, or spasms"	Also known as Muscle Spasm	"In medicine a spasm is a sudden, involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as a heart, or a similarly sudden contraction of an orifice. It most commonly refers to a muscle cramp which is often accompanied by a sudden burst of pain, but is usually harmless and ceases after a few minutes. There is a variety of other causes of involuntary muscle contractions, which may be more serious, depending on the cause."			Back pain	25		Epoetin Alfa (Procrit)						
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Idiopathic painful menstruation	7	Heavy menstrual flow	9	Examination of breast	Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (Hpv)	< 1 years	1.0x	Female	0.0x	Hispanic	1.3x
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Vaginal cyst	5	Unpredictable menstruation	70	Pap smear	Portia	60-74 years	0.0x	Male	1.7x	Other	0.9x
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle	5	Long menstrual periods	5	Chlamydia test	Mefenamic Acid	30-44 years	2.2x			Black	1.3x
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Endometriosis	13	Premenstrual tension or irritability	5	Standard pregnancy test	Modicon	1-4 years	2.1x			White	0.9x
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Vulvodynia	7	Lower abdominal pain	34	Urinalysis	Ortho Cyclen	5-14 years	0.5x				
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	5	Blood clots during menstrual periods	36	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Nitrous Oxide	75+ years	0.0x				
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Uterine fibroids	44	Pelvic pain	42	Pelvis exam	Propofol	15-29 years	0.0x				
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."	Ovarian cyst	3	Intermenstrual bleeding	29	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Benzoyl Peroxide Topical	45-59 years	0.1x				
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."			Sharp abdominal pain	34		Sevoflurane						
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."			Pain during intercourse	9								
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."			Pelvic pressure	29								
Painful menstruation	"Also known as Menstrual cramps, Pain in legs and back with menstruation, Dysmenorrhea, Menorrhalgia, and Painful Period"	"Dysmenorrhea (dysmenorrhoea or painful periods) is a medical condition of pain during menstruation that interferes with daily activities, as defined by ACOG and others. Still, dysmenorrhea is often defined simply as menstrual pain, or at least menstrual pain that is excessive. This article uses the dysmenorrhea definition of menstrual pain that interferes with daily activities, and uses the term menstrual pain as any pain during menstruation whether it is normal or abnormal."			Vaginal itching	26								
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Pyelonephritis	2	Suprapubic pain	25	Urinalysis	Nitrofurantoin	45-59 years	0.0x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.0x
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Urge incontinence	7	Lower abdominal pain	32	Pelvis exam	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	1-4 years	1.0x	Male	0.8x	Black	1.0x
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Urinary tract infection	3	Involuntary urination	26	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	< 1 years	0.9x			White	1.1x
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Kidney stone	2	Low back pain	28	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Tolterodine (Detrol)	5-14 years	0.5x			Other	0.8x
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Prostatitis	34	Painful urination	25	Prostate specific antigen measurement (Prostate specific antigen test)	Dutasteride (Avodart)	30-44 years	1.3x				
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Cystitis	2	Blood in urine	29	Hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test)	Fesoterodine (Toviaz)	75+ years	1.0x				
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	7	Excessive urination at night	13	Standard pregnancy test	Oxybutynin	60-74 years	1.6x				
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."	Prostate cancer	3	Back pain	26	Rectal examination	Trimethoprim	15-29 years	0.6x				
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."			Retention of urine	26		Silodosin (Rapaflo)						
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."			Sharp abdominal pain	22		Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)						
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."			Pelvic pain	28		Alfuzosin (Uroxatral)						
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."			Side pain	74		Darifenacin (Enablex)						
Frequent urination	Also known as Urinary urgency and Feeling of having to pee all the time	"Frequent urination, or urinary frequency, is the need to urinate more often than usual. It is often, though not necessarily, associated with urinary incontinence and polyuria (large total volume of urine). However, in other cases, urinary frequency involves only normal volumes of urine overall."						Ciprofloxacin						
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)	2	Diminished hearing	11	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Neomycin (Septa)	< 1 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.9x
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Acute sinusitis	3	Sore throat	31	Tracheoscopy and laryngoscopy with biopsy	Amoxicillin	1-4 years	0.6x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	1.0x
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Ear wax impaction	12	Redness in ear	14	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Carbamide Peroxide Topical	75+ years	3.1x			White	0.8x
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Common cold	18	Coryza	13	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Triethanolamine Polypeptide Oleate Otic	15-29 years	0.2x			Black	1.2x
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	5	Nasal congestion	61	Ophthalmologic and otologic diagnosis and treatment	Ofloxacin	60-74 years	0.3x				
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Otitis media	5	Fever	9	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Corticotropin (Acthar)	30-44 years	1.0x				
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Chronic sinusitis	2	Facial pain	6	Nonoperative removal of foreign body	Penicillin G Benzathine (Bicillin)	5-14 years	2.9x				
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.	Acute otitis media	49	Headache	54	Other respiratory therapy	Cefdinir	45-59 years	0.9x				
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.			Fluid in ear	21		Opium						
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.			Frontal headache	17		Carbamide Peroxide Otic						
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.			Plugged feeling in ear	51		Antipyrine						
Ear pain	"Also known as Otalgia, Ear pain, and Pain In Ear"	Otalgia or an earache is ear pain. Primary otalgia is ear pain that originates inside the ear. Referred otalgia is ear pain that originates from outside the ear.			Cough	41								
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pregnancy	12	Pelvic pain	33	Examination of breast	Nitrofurantoin	75+ years	0.5x	Female	1.7x	Hispanic	1.9x
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Idiopathic absence of menstruation	2	Vaginal itching	73	Pap smear	Tinidazole	< 1 years	1.6x	Male	0.0x	White	1.8x
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vulvodynia	8	Pain during intercourse	27	Rectal examination	Clomiphene (Clomid)	45-59 years	0.1x			Black	1.2x
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	6	Frequent urination	20	Standard pregnancy test	Ortho Cyclen	60-74 years	0.6x			Other	0.6x
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystitis	27	Vaginal discharge	51	Urinalysis	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pelvic organ prolapse	6	Pain during pregnancy	20	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Pimozide (Orap)	30-44 years	2.6x				
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Idiopathic excessive menstruation	6	Painful urination	51	Chlamydia test	Sodium Morrhuate	15-29 years	0.0x				
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Uterine fibroids	2	Lower abdominal pain	47	Pelvis exam	Terbutaline	5-14 years	0.1x				
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Uterine contractions	33		Leuprolide (Lupron)						
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Problems during pregnancy	47		Nafarelin (Synarel)						
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Sharp abdominal pain	27		Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)						
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Cramps and spasms	27		Anastrozole (Arimidex)						
Pelvic pressure	null	Pelvic pressure is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						"Multivitamin, Prenatal"						
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Varicose veins	5	Leg lump or mass	9	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Fondaparinux (Arixtra)	5-14 years	0.1x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.1x
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Bruise	5	Ankle swelling	7	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Bumetanide	30-44 years	1.9x	Female	1.1x	Black	0.7x
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)	2	Leg weakness	5	Intravenous fluid replacement	Metolazone	15-29 years	0.9x			Hispanic	1.0x
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Heart failure	2	Arm swelling	5	Radiographic imaging procedure	Glycerin-Phenol Topical	75+ years	1.5x			White	0.8x
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Obesity	9	Shortness of breath	82	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Cephradine	45-59 years	0.5x				
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Osteoarthritis	19	Foot or toe swelling	50	Electrolytes panel	Cefadroxil	60-74 years	1.5x				
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Venous insufficiency	2	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	34	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Diflunisal	< 1 years	0.2x				
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."	Pyogenic skin infection	3	Skin irritation	15	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Dicloxacillin	1-4 years	0.2x				
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."			Abnormal appearing skin	6		Methicillin						
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."			Swollen abdomen	8		Ioversol						
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."			Leg pain	5		Enoxaparin (Lovenox)						
Leg swelling	null	"Edema (American English) or oedema (British English) (/__dim_/; from the Greek ______혎뇫_ma, ""swelling""), formerly known as dropsy or hydropsy, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, which are locations beneath the skin or in one or more cavities of the body. It is clinically shown as swelling. Generally, the amount of interstitial fluid is determined by the balance of fluid homeostasis, and increased secretion of fluid into the interstitium or impaired removal of this fluid may cause edema."			Knee swelling	6								
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Osteoarthritis	5	Hip pain	7	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Castor Oil (Purge)	5-14 years	0.4x	Male	1.0x	White	1.2x
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Bruise	6	Problems with movement	22	Radiographic imaging procedure	Imipenem	75+ years	0.7x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.7x
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Degenerative disc disease	4	Loss of sensation	34	Insertion of catheter or spinal stimulator and injection into spinal canal	Salsalate	< 1 years	1.1x			Black	1.0x
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Sciatica	4	Arm pain	54	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Inulin	15-29 years	1.3x			Other	0.8x
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Chronic back pain	9	Foot or toe pain	20	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Daunorubicin	30-44 years	1.5x				
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Pyogenic skin infection	8	Back pain	20	Application of splint (Splinting)	Lyme Disease Vaccine	45-59 years	0.0x				
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Lumbago	6	Knee pain	28	Prothrombin time assay (Prothrombin time)	Alfentanil	1-4 years	1.3x				
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."	Sprain or strain	5	Leg swelling	11	Other therapeutic procedures	Mepivacaine (Carbocaine)	60-74 years	0.3x				
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."			Paresthesia	27		Quinacrine						
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."			Lower body pain	10								
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."			Low back pain	39								
Leg pain	Also known as Lower Limb Pain	"Sciatica (/sa__쬾_k_/; sciatic neuritis, sciatic neuralgia, or lumbar radiculopathy) is a set of symptoms including pain caused by general compression or irritation of one of five spinal nerve roots of each sciatic nerve혎r by compression or irritation of the left or right or both sciatic nerves. Symptoms include lower back pain, buttock pain, and pain, numbness or weakness in various parts of the leg and foot. Other symptoms include a ""pins and needles"" sensation, or tingling and difficulty moving or controlling the leg. Typically, symptoms only manifest on one side of the body. The pain may radiate below the knee, but does not always."			Leg weakness	55								
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Breast infection (mastitis)	2	Burning chest pain	13	Standard pregnancy test	Neomycin (Septa)	1-4 years	0.0x	Male	0.1x	Hispanic	1.3x
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Tietze syndrome	12	Absence of menstruation	52	Pelvis exam	Isosorbide Dinitrate	60-74 years	0.8x	Female	1.6x	Black	0.8x
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Breast cyst	11	Rib pain	6	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Iodixanol	45-59 years	1.8x			White	1.5x
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Fibroadenoma	4	Long menstrual periods	8	Radiographic imaging procedure	Caffeine	5-14 years	0.3x			Other	1.2x
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Fibrocystic breast disease	3	Recent pregnancy	2	Examination of breast	Hydrocortisone-Iodoquinol Topical	75+ years	0.5x				
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Breast cancer	6	Arm pain	8	Pap smear	Ginkgo Biloba Extract (Ginkgo)	30-44 years	0.0x				
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."	Gynecomastia	2	Bleeding or discharge from nipple	24	Mammography (Mammogram)	Teriparatide (Forteo)	< 1 years	1.1x				
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."			Lump or mass of breast	22	Biopsy	Dicloxacillin	15-29 years	1.4x				
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."			Lower body pain	2		Vitamin E (Vita-E)						
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."			Abnormal movement of eyelid	4								
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."			Postpartum problems of the breast	2								
Pain or soreness of breast	"Also known as Breast tenderness, Mastodynia, Painful Breasts, Mastalgia, Breast Ache, and Breast Soreness"	"Mastodynia, mastalgia (from the Greek masto-, breast and algos, pain) or mammalgia is the medical symptom of breast pain."			Arm stiffness or tightness	3								
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gum disease	14	Pulling at ears	11	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Clindamycin	75+ years	0.7x	Male	1.2x	White	1.1x
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	20	Jaw swelling	28	Dental procedures (Care dental)	Mebendazole	45-59 years	0.3x	Female	0.8x	Black	1.0x
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth disorder	3	Skin swelling	11	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Bupivacaine	30-44 years	1.4x			Other	0.8x
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Teething syndrome	3	Fever	25	Diagnostic procedures on nose; mouth and pharynx	Biotin	15-29 years	0.9x			Hispanic	1.3x
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pain after an operation	3	Toothache	28		Penicillin	1-4 years	0.4x				
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tooth abscess	27	Pain in gums	13		Propofol	5-14 years	1.5x				
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Dental caries	5	Headache	8		Acebutolol	60-74 years	0.8x				
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Jaw disorder	13	Peripheral edema	67		Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol)	< 1 years	2.1x				
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Bleeding gums	13		Benzocaine Topical						
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal breathing sounds	15		Chlorhexidine Topical						
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Mouth pain	27		Vitamin A						
Gum pain	null	Gum pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Facial pain	11		Nitrous Oxide						
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sebaceous cyst	5	Skin swelling	19	Wound care management	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	< 1 years	1.4x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.8x
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ganglion cyst	11	Arm lump or mass	11	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	5-Hydroxytryptophan	45-59 years	1.4x	Male	1.0x	White	0.6x
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	3	Hand or finger weakness	11	Excision (Removal)	Methenamine	75+ years	1.2x			Black	1.1x
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	5	Weight gain	19	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Bupivacaine	15-29 years	0.7x			Hispanic	1.7x
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteochondroma	3	Wrist lump or mass	11	Excision of skin lesion	Oxybutynin	60-74 years	0.8x				
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Paronychia	18	Hand or finger pain	11	Other therapeutic procedures	Zoster Vaccine Live	30-44 years	0.4x				
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	2	Back mass or lump	69	Biopsy	Cholecalciferol	5-14 years	0.6x				
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	7	Itchy ear(s)	11	Incision and drainage (I d)	Colloidal Oatmeal Topical	1-4 years	0.4x				
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger swelling	11		Chondroitin						
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foot or toe lump or mass	11		Methyl Salicylate Topical						
Hand or finger lump or mass	null	Hand or finger lump or mass is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg lump or mass	11								
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	6	Lacrimation	24	Other OR therapeutic nervous system procedures	Olopatadine Ophthalmic	15-29 years	1.0x	Male	0.9x	Hispanic	1.0x
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Drug reaction	5	Skin rash	15	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Azelastine Nasal	5-14 years	1.9x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Allergy	2	Plugged feeling in ear	41	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Famotidine	75+ years	0.3x			Black	1.1x
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Contact dermatitis	5	Throat swelling	25	Diagnostic procedures on ear	Methylprednisolone (Medrol)	30-44 years	0.8x			White	1.0x
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Chronic sinusitis	8	Itching of skin	8	Bone density scan	Ketotifen Ophthalmic	60-74 years	1.0x				
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	4	Itchiness of eye	29	Other diagnostic nervous system procedures	Mometasone Nasal Product	< 1 years	1.7x				
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Asthma	27	Sneezing	12	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Cimetidine	1-4 years	1.0x				
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."	Food allergy	21	Lip swelling	12	Prophylactic vaccinations and inoculations	Tacrolimus Topical Product	45-59 years	1.0x				
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."			Throat feels tight	6		Cetirizine (Zyrtec)						
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."			Cough	6		Levocetirizine (Xyzal)						
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."			Peripheral edema	9		Epinephrine						
Allergic reaction	Also known as Angioedema and Hives	"An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Allergic reactions occur when a person's immune system reacts to normally harmless substances in the environment. A substance that causes a reaction is called an allergen. These reactions are acquired, predictable, and rapid. Allergy is one of four forms of hypersensitivity and is formally called type I (or immediate) hypersensitivity. Allergic reactions are distinctive because of excessive activation of certain white blood cells called mast cells and basophils by a type of antibody called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). This reaction results in an inflammatory response which can range from uncomfortable to dangerous."			Nasal congestion	6		Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)						
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Seborrheic keratosis	3	Foot or toe swelling	63	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Terbinafine Topical	15-29 years	1.4x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.6x
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	5	Skin swelling	14	Biopsy	Protriptyline	1-4 years	1.1x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.1x
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Burn	9	Skin pain	10	Incision and drainage (I d)	Aloe Vera Topical	45-59 years	0.8x			White	0.8x
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the hair	4	Acne or pimples	45	Excision of skin lesion	Imiquimod Topical	60-74 years	0.6x			Other	0.9x
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	17	Facial pain	37	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Benzoin Topical	75+ years	1.0x				
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	2	Skin rash	55	Culture wound	Famciclovir	< 1 years	0.9x				
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Actinic keratosis	3	Skin growth	23	Excision (Removal)	Clotrimazole Topical	5-14 years	1.0x				
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	2	Leg swelling	10	Wound care management	Azelaic Acid Topical	30-44 years	0.4x				
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Penile discharge	10		Ketoconazole						
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin lesion	10		Griseofulvin						
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	26		Minocycline						
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itching of skin	16		Cyproheptadine						
Skin irritation	null	Skin irritation is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Permethrin Topical						
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Tooth abscess	2	Lip swelling	12	Electrocardiogram	Methyltestosterone (Android)	< 1 years	1.2x	Female	1.0x	Black	1.2x
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Allergy	9	Itching of skin	8	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Metolazone	75+ years	1.3x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	High blood pressure	4	Weight gain	7	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Oxacillin	30-44 years	2.0x			Hispanic	0.8x
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Heart failure	7	Abnormal appearing skin	12	Electrolytes panel	Methyl Salicylate Topical	15-29 years	0.5x			White	0.9x
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Drug reaction	4	Problems during pregnancy	25	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Zinc Oxide Topical	1-4 years	0.6x				
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Tooth disorder	2	Shortness of breath	28	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Bumetanide	60-74 years	0.6x				
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Pyogenic skin infection	2	Facial pain	24	Intravenous fluid replacement	Adefovir	5-14 years	1.0x				
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."	Coronary atherosclerosis	10	Foot or toe swelling	32	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Ethacrynic Acid (Ea)	45-59 years	0.2x				
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Toothache	6		Nicardipine						
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Leg pain	8		Isocarboxazid (Marplan)						
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Swollen eye	9		Nilutamide						
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."			Allergic reaction	43		Ticlopidine						
Peripheral edema	Also known as Both ankles swelling and Both legs swelling	"Peripheral edema is the swelling of tissues, usually in the lower limbs, due to the accumulation of fluids."						Antipyrine						
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	2	Rectal bleeding	60	Intravenous fluid replacement	Dicyclomine	5-14 years	1.6x	Male	1.2x	Black	1.1x
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Pain after an operation	2	Back pain	8	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Iohexol (Omnipaque)	75+ years	0.7x	Female	0.7x	White	0.9x
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Chronic constipation	4	Pain during pregnancy	6	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Diatrizoate	60-74 years	1.3x			Hispanic	1.2x
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Gastritis	4	Vomiting blood	25	Electrolytes panel	Amylases	1-4 years	0.1x			Other	1.0x
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Urinary tract infection	2	Vaginal discharge	54	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Cefoxitin	30-44 years	0.4x				
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	4	Constipation	5	Radiographic imaging procedure	Cefotetan	< 1 years	0.7x				
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Gallstone	7	Diarrhea	39	Urinalysis	Hyoscyamine (A-Spas)	15-29 years	0.9x				
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."	Kidney stone	3	Blood in stool	4	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Magaldrate	45-59 years	0.9x				
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Stomach bloating	8		Lipase						
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Spotting or bleeding during pregnancy	7		Magnesium Citrate						
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Nausea	18								
Sharp abdominal pain	"Also known as Stomach cramps, Gas pains, Intestinal colic, and Stomach pain"	"Cramps are neural sensations caused by muscle contraction or overshortening. Common causes of skeletal muscle cramps may include muscle fatigue, low sodium, low potassium, and/or low magnesium.Smooth muscle cramps may be due to menstruation or gastroenteritis."			Vomiting	27								
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Metabolic disorder	1	Weight gain	37	Wound care management	Lipase	1-4 years	0.3x	Female	0.2x	Other	0.8x
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fibroadenoma	34	Lump or mass of breast	13	Other OR therapeutic procedures on skin and breast	Cefazolin	5-14 years	0.5x	Male	1.6x	Hispanic	1.1x
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Hypokalemia	6	Back pain	37	Excision (Removal)	Rocuronium	< 1 years	0.0x			Black	0.3x
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Obesity	1	Neck pain	22	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Sevoflurane	30-44 years	1.3x			White	0.9x
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gynecomastia	3			Examination of breast	Levonorgestrel	60-74 years	0.0x				
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Mastectomy	1			Other therapeutic procedures	Benzoyl Peroxide-Clindamycin Topical	75+ years	2.0x				
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Breast cancer	3			Mammography (Mammogram)	Nabumetone	45-59 years	1.1x				
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Breast infection (mastitis)	3			Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Phendimetrazine	15-29 years	0.6x				
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Methotrexate						
Problems with shape or size of breast	null	Problems with shape or size of breast is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Fluvastatin (Lescol)						
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Ovarian cyst	3	Vaginal pain	33	Pelvis exam	Tolnaftate Topical	30-44 years	0.0x	Female	0.4x	Other	1.7x
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Vaginismus	3	Pelvic pain	40	Standard pregnancy test	Papaverine	< 1 years	1.4x	Male	1.5x	Hispanic	0.8x
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Vulvodynia	7	Vulvar irritation	19	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Terconazole Topical	15-29 years	1.9x			White	1.0x
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Urinary tract infection	27	Lower abdominal pain	43	Examination of breast	Estradiol	75+ years	0.0x			Black	0.4x
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Atrophic vaginitis	6	Painful menstruation	24	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Nonoxynol 9 Topical	45-59 years	0.7x				
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Vaginitis	8	Loss of sex drive	19	Urinalysis	Vardenafil (Levitra)	60-74 years	1.3x				
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Uterine fibroids	4	Painful urination	36	Rectal examination	Tadalafil (Cialis)	1-4 years	0.0x				
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."	Erectile dysfunction	11	Pelvic pressure	45	Chlamydia test	Phentolamine	5-14 years	0.0x				
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."			Vaginal discharge	19		Fluconazole (Diflucan)						
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."			Sharp abdominal pain	48		Sildenafil (Viagra)						
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."			Vaginal itching	24		Metronidazole						
Pain during intercourse	Also known as Dyspareunia and Painful intercourse	"Dyspareunia (from Greek meaning ""badly mated"") is painful sexual intercourse, due to medical or psychological causes. The symptom is significantly more common in women than in men, affecting up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives. The causes are often reversible, even when long-standing, but self-perpetuating pain is a factor after the original cause has been removed."			Suprapubic pain	19		Clobetasol Topical						
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Atrial fibrillation	3	Feeling hot	56	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Adenosine	15-29 years	0.2x	Male	1.2x	Black	1.4x
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Coronary atherosclerosis	14	Heartburn	27	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Ibutilide	30-44 years	1.6x	Female	0.8x	Hispanic	0.9x
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Anxiety	6	Fatigue	51	Radiographic imaging procedure	Masoprocol Topical	75+ years	0.0x			White	1.1x
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Sinus bradycardia	5	Shortness of breath	17	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Diltiazem	45-59 years	0.0x			Other	0.7x
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	High blood pressure	4	Sweating	5	Electrocardiogram	Propylthiouracil	5-14 years	1.2x				
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Hyperlipidemia	4	Increased heart rate	59	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Pindolol	< 1 years	1.4x				
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Arrhythmia	5	Irregular heartbeat	2	Electrolytes panel	Flecainide	1-4 years	1.2x				
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."	Heart failure	10	Anxiety and nervousness	26	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Propafenone	60-74 years	0.8x				
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."			Dizziness	5		Rofecoxib (Vioxx)						
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."			Chest tightness	33		Regadenoson (Lexiscan)						
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."			Sharp chest pain	29		Sotalol						
Palpitations	"Also known as Heart skipping a beat, Heart fluttering, Heart jumping, Heart skipped a beat, Heart racing, and Heart Throbbing"	"Palpitation is an abnormality of heartbeat that ranges from often unnoticed skipped beats or accelerated heartrate to very noticeable changes accompanied by dizziness or difficulty breathing. Palpitations are common and occur in most individuals with healthy hearts. Palpitations without underlying heart disease are generally considered benign. However, heart palpitations can be symptoms of illnesses such as coronary heart disease, asthma, or emphysema."			Difficulty breathing	21								
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Kidney stone	2	Sharp abdominal pain	24	Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)	Trimethoprim	1-4 years	1.3x	Male	0.4x	Black	0.8x
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)	2	Symptoms of bladder	8	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Pentosan Polysulphate Sodium (Elmiron)	30-44 years	0.6x	Female	1.4x	White	0.9x
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Urinary tract infection	58	Blood in urine	2	Rectal examination	Ciprofloxacin	< 1 years	1.0x			Other	1.1x
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Cystitis	1	Frequent urination	5	Microscopic examination (bacterial smear; culture; toxicology)	Phenazopyridine (Azo)	5-14 years	0.8x			Hispanic	0.9x
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Temporary or benign blood in urine	1	Diaper rash	5	Urinalysis	Sodium Phosphate	45-59 years	1.0x				
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyelonephritis	1	Excessive urination at night	37	Pelvis exam	Caspofungin	75+ years	0.4x				
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vulvodynia	2	Vaginal itching	8	Standard pregnancy test	Solifenacin (Vesicare)	15-29 years	1.8x				
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Vaginitis	8	Unusual color or odor to urine	28	Endoscopy and endoscopic biopsy of the urinary tract	Bethanechol	60-74 years	0.6x				
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Involuntary urination	17		Nitrofurantoin						
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Back pain	20		Cefixime (Suprax)						
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Painful urination	29								
Suprapubic pain	Also known as Pain over bladder and Suprapubic pain	Suprapubic pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Retention of urine	4								
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	6	Bones are painful	41	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Cortisone	1-4 years	0.7x	Male	1.2x	Black	1.0x
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	4	Hip pain	3	Application of splint (Splinting)	Salmeterol	30-44 years	1.4x	Female	0.8x	Other	0.8x
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bruise	11	Elbow swelling	7	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Trimethadione	75+ years	0.0x			White	1.1x
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fracture of the arm	6	Wrist swelling	19	Other therapeutic procedures	Chondroitin	< 1 years	1.4x			Hispanic	0.7x
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Bursitis	19	Arm weakness	32	Orthopedic casting	Ketamine	60-74 years	0.8x				
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the arm	11	Arm stiffness or tightness	38	Radiographic imaging procedure	Sterile Water	5-14 years	1.2x				
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	13	Knee pain	45	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Turmeric Extract	45-59 years	0.6x				
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow)	12	Shoulder pain	2	Blood alcohol	Methyl Salicylate-Menthol Topical	15-29 years	0.8x				
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Wrist pain	3		Capsaicin Topical						
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Hand or finger pain	4		Fluorides (F-)						
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Elbow stiffness or tightness	26		Methohexital (Brevital)						
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Arm pain	37		Chromium Picolinate						
Elbow pain	Also known as Elbow Joint Pain	Elbow pain is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Diclofenac Topical Product						
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Common cold	5	Plugged feeling in ear	27	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Clarithromycin	75+ years	1.1x	Female	1.0x	White	0.8x
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Acute sinusitis	6	Shortness of breath	8	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Robitussin Ac	< 1 years	0.9x	Male	1.0x	Hispanic	0.8x
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Chronic sinusitis	10	Coughing up sputum	29	Nebulizer therapy	Robitussin Dm	30-44 years	0.7x			Black	0.8x
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Otitis media	7	Hoarse voice	45	Other OR therapeutic nervous system procedures	Cefuroxime	45-59 years	0.9x			Other	1.1x
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Asthma	24	Headache	48	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	15-29 years	1.2x				
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Acute bronchitis	26	Frontal headache	7	Other diagnostic procedures of respiratory tract and mediastinum	Azithromycin	1-4 years	1.4x				
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Pneumonia	9	Sore throat	7	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Benzonatate	5-14 years	1.3x				
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	13	Cough	38	Other respiratory therapy		60-74 years	0.6x				
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."			Sinus congestion	88								
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."			Fever	51								
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."			Coryza	53								
Congestion in chest	Also known as Lung congestion and Chest cold	"Pulmonary edema (American English), or oedema (British English; both words from the Greek ______), is fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to adequately remove blood from the pulmonary circulation (""cardiogenic pulmonary edema""), or an injury to the lung parenchyma or vasculature of the lung (""noncardiogenic pulmonary edema""). Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly avoiding further damage to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially in the acute setting, can lead to respiratory distress, cardiac arrest due to hypoxia, and death."			Nasal congestion	30								
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Injury to the leg	3	Knee pain	93	Physical therapy exercises (Exercises)	Flumazenil	45-59 years	0.0x	Male	0.9x	White	0.7x
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Osteoarthritis	18	Knee lump or mass	15	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Quinidine	1-4 years	0.9x	Female	1.1x	Hispanic	1.2x
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Joint effusion	13	Dry lips	8	Magnetic resonance imaging (Mri)	Chlorambucil (Leukeran)	30-44 years	0.9x			Other	1.0x
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Knee ligament or meniscus tear	7	Hip stiffness or tightness	8	Excision (Removal)	Cortisone	< 1 years	1.1x			Black	0.6x
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Tendinitis	3	Hip pain	26	Radiographic imaging procedure	Capsaicin Topical	5-14 years	0.5x				
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chondromalacia of the patella	3	Ringing in ear	8	Other therapeutic procedures	Benoxinate-Fluorescein Ophthalmic	15-29 years	1.1x				
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Sprain or strain	15	Groin pain	8	Application of splint (Splinting)	Methylsulfonylmethane	60-74 years	0.1x				
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic knee pain	16	Foot or toe cramps or spasms	59	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Propofol	75+ years	1.7x				
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Leg weakness	8		Sevoflurane						
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Ankle stiffness or tightness	21								
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Knee weakness	8								
Knee stiffness or tightness	Also known as Stiff Knee	Knee stiffness or tightness is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Knee swelling	8								
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)	6	Delusions or hallucinations	19	Psychotherapy	Ramelteon (Rozerem)	5-14 years	0.9x	Male	1.0x	White	0.8x
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Psychotic disorder	2	Apnea	58	Mental health counseling	Dextroamphetamine (Adderall)	15-29 years	0.6x	Female	1.0x	Other	1.0x
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	2	Abnormal breathing sounds	24	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Eszopiclone (Lunesta)	60-74 years	1.1x			Hispanic	1.1x
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Anxiety	16	Anxiety and nervousness	14	Lipid panel	Melatonin	< 1 years	1.5x			Black	0.8x
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Depression	2	Decreased appetite	13	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Frovatriptan (Frova)	75+ years	1.3x				
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Dysthymic disorder	9	Depression	38	Toxicology screen	Doxepin	1-4 years	0.4x				
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Schizophrenia	9	Fatigue	29	Electroencephalogram (EEG) (Eeg)	Zaleplon (Sonata)	45-59 years	0.7x				
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""	Bipolar disorder	3	Abnormal involuntary movements	38	Other therapeutic procedures on eyelids; conjunctiva; cornea	Valerian Root Extract	30-44 years	0.7x				
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""			Headache	15		Zolpidem (Ambien)						
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""			Depressive or psychotic symptoms	56		Dyphylline (Dilor)						
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""			Sleepiness	34		Triazolam (Halcion)						
Insomnia	"Also known as Can't sleep, Difficulty sleeping, Sleeplessness, and Trouble falling asleep"	"Insomnia, or sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which there is an inability to fall asleep or to stay asleep as long as desired. While the term is sometimes used to describe a disorder demonstrated by polysomnographic evidence of disturbed sleep, insomnia is often practically defined as a positive response to either of two questions: ""Do you experience difficulty sleeping?"" or ""Do you have difficulty falling or staying asleep?"""			Cough	25		Temazepam						
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Rosacea	4	Too little hair	6	Biopsy	Adapalene Topical	60-74 years	0.4x	Female	1.1x	Black	1.3x
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	4	Warts	20	Other diagnostic procedures on skin and subcutaneous tissue	Tretinoin Topical	1-4 years	2.9x	Male	0.9x	White	1.1x
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin polyp	2	Skin swelling	4	Culture wound	Azelaic Acid Topical	< 1 years	0.3x			Other	0.8x
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Contact dermatitis	3	Sweating	10	Excision of skin lesion	Benzoyl Peroxide-Clindamycin Topical	5-14 years	0.2x			Hispanic	0.7x
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acne	3	Unwanted hair	4	Lipid panel	Clindamycin	45-59 years	0.2x				
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	74	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	3	Excision (Removal)	Doxycycline	30-44 years	0.1x				
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Eczema	2	Skin growth	10	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Tetracycline	15-29 years	1.3x				
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin pigmentation disorder	5	Skin moles	3	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on skin and breast	Minocycline	75+ years	1.0x				
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin pain	12		Tazarotene Topical						
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Abnormal appearing skin	10		Benzoyl Peroxide Topical						
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Itchy scalp	4		Isotretinoin (Accutane)						
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Skin irritation	21		Clindamycin Topical Product						
Acne or pimples	"Also known as Bad complexion, Blackheads on face, and Blemishes on face"	Acne or pimples is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Clindamycin-Tretinoin Topical						
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Depression	14	Fatigue	39	Toxicology screen	Dexmethylphenidate (Focalin)	< 1 years	0.0x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	0.6x
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Bipolar disorder	8	Drug abuse	10	Mental health counseling	Midrin	60-74 years	0.2x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.1x
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Dysthymic disorder	7	Fears and phobias	10	Depression screen (Depression screening)	Fluvoxamine (Luvox)	5-14 years	1.0x			White	1.2x
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)	9	Anxiety and nervousness	10	Psychotherapy	Lithium (Li)	30-44 years	1.1x			Black	0.5x
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)	10	Depressive or psychotic symptoms	65	Psychological and psychiatric evaluation and therapy	Duloxetine (Cymbalta)	1-4 years	1.8x				
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Adjustment reaction	8	Decreased appetite	19	Blood alcohol	Sertraline (Zoloft)	45-59 years	1.1x				
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Personality disorder	9	Abusing alcohol	80		Clonazepam	15-29 years	0.7x				
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."	Anxiety	43	Excessive anger	15		Modafinil (Provigil)	75+ years	0.4x				
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."			Temper problems	15		Risperidone						
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."			Delusions or hallucinations	67		Ziprasidone (Geodon)						
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."			Obsessions and compulsions	26		Trazodone						
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."			Depression	10		Triiodothyronine (Cytomel)						
Low self-esteem	"Also known as Dependent on others, Feeling guilty, Feeling helpless, Having an identity crisis, Feeling insecure, Lacking motivation, Loss of identity, and Have no confidence"	"Self-esteem is a term used in psychology to reflect a person's overall emotional evaluation of his or her own worth. It is a judgment of oneself as well as an attitude toward the self. Self-esteem encompasses beliefs (for example, ""I am competent,"" ""I am worthy"") and emotions such as triumph, despair, pride and shame. Smith and Mackie define it by saying ""The self-concept is what we think about the self; self-esteem, is the positive or negative evaluations of the self, as in how we feel about it."" Self-esteem is also known as the evaluative dimension of the self that includes feelings of worthiness, prides and discouragement. One's self-esteem is also closely associated with self-consciousness."						Bupropion (Wellbutrin)						
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Callus	1	Abnormal appearing skin	3	Incision and drainage (I d)	Cephalexin	60-74 years	0.9x	Male	1.0x	Other	1.7x
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Ingrown toe nail	11	"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	18	Biopsy	Itraconazole	< 1 years	1.4x	Female	1.1x	Black	0.9x
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyogenic skin infection	47	Skin growth	42	Examination of foot	Ketoconazole	5-14 years	0.1x			Hispanic	0.8x
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Fungal infection of the skin	2	Too little hair	3	Other non-OR therapeutic procedures on skin and breast	Clotrimazole Topical	15-29 years	1.6x			White	0.8x
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Onychomycosis	1	Swollen eye	3	Wound care management	Naftifine Topical	75+ years	0.9x				
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Skin disorder	2	Skin on leg or foot looks infected	6	Other therapeutic procedures	Povidone Iodine Topical (Betadine)	45-59 years	0.9x				
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Obesity	19	Foot or toe pain	6	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Dimethyl Sulfoxide Topical	1-4 years	0.4x				
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Paronychia	13	Skin irritation	8	Excision (Removal)	Oxiconazole Topical	30-44 years	1.0x				
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Shoulder lump or mass	15		Phenol Topical						
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Symptoms of the face	11		Terbinafine Topical						
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Nose deformity	13		Ciclopirox Topical						
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Foot or toe swelling	11		Terbinafine (Lamisil)						
Irregular appearing nails	Also known as Nail Abnormality	Irregular appearing nails is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.						Tolnaftate Topical						
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	3	Wheezing	39	Cardiac enzymes measurement (Cardiac enzymes test)	Combivent	45-59 years	0.9x	Female	1.0x	Hispanic	1.1x
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Common cold	8	Nasal congestion	57	Plain x-ray (X ray)	Robitussin Dm	1-4 years	1.1x	Male	0.9x	Other	1.0x
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Acute sinusitis	6	Difficulty breathing	20	Electrocardiogram	Guaifenesin (Mucinex)	75+ years	0.7x			White	1.0x
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Pneumonia	24	Headache	28	Electrolytes panel	Robitussin Ac	5-14 years	1.3x			Black	0.9x
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Asthma	21	Congestion in chest	36	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Moxifloxacin (Avelox)	30-44 years	0.9x				
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Chronic sinusitis	7	Fever	27	Radiographic imaging procedure	Clarithromycin	< 1 years	0.6x				
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Seasonal allergies (hay fever)	9	Sore throat	53	Nebulizer therapy	Azithromycin	15-29 years	0.8x				
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."	Acute bronchitis	14	Cough	29	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Benzonatate	60-74 years	1.1x				
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Coryza	25								
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Shortness of breath	63								
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Ache all over	59								
Coughing up sputum	"Also known as Productive cough, Coughing up phlegm, Coughing up mucus, Loose Cough, and Producing Sputum"	"A cough (툟ronunciation(help暻nfo) Latin: tussis), is a sudden and often repetitively occurring reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from secretions, irritants, foreign particles and microbes. The cough reflex consists of three phases: an inhalation, a forced exhalation against a closed glottis, and a violent release of air from the lungs following opening of the glottis, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound. Coughing is either voluntary or involuntary."			Sharp chest pain	31								
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	2	Cough	31	Complete physical skin exam performed (ML)	Nizatidine (Axid)	75+ years	0.0x	Male	1.4x	Hispanic	1.1x
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Pyloric stenosis	3	Nasal congestion	58	Rectal examination	Rotavirus Vaccines (Rotavirus Vaccine)	5-14 years	0.0x	Female	0.7x	Black	1.0x
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Foreign body in the throat	4	Constipation	31	Ophthalmic examination and evaluation (Eye exam)	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Obsolete)	30-44 years	0.0x			Other	1.5x
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	2	Diarrhea	21	Other diagnostic procedures (interview; evaluation; consultation)	Ranitidine	45-59 years	0.0x			White	0.8x
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Teething syndrome	2	Difficulty breathing	21		Zinc Oxide Topical	< 1 years	30.9x				
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Abdominal hernia	4	Fever	36		Nystatin Topical Product	1-4 years	0.0x				
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	30	Vomiting	39		Simethicone (Degas)	60-74 years	0.0x				
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Irritable infant	27		Cimetidine	15-29 years	0.0x				
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Irregular belly button	36		Pneumococcal 7-Valent Conjugate Vaccine (Prevnar)						
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Lack of growth	15		Chamomile						
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Pulling at ears	15		Haemophilus B Conjugate Vaccine (Obsolete)						
Infant spitting up	Also known as Infant regurgitating	Infant spitting up is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			"Skin dryness, peeling, scaliness, or roughness"	15		Trimethobenzamide (Tigan)						
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Common cold	2	Infant feeding problem	36	Other respiratory therapy	Ampicillin	< 1 years	30.7x	Female	1.2x	White	0.8x
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Teething syndrome	19	Pulling at ears	21	Other diagnostic radiology and related techniques	Prilocaine (Emla)	15-29 years	0.0x	Male	0.8x	Other	1.7x
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Otitis media	4	Constipation	55	Blood culture	Triple Dye Topical	30-44 years	0.1x			Black	1.8x
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Diaper rash	4	Flatulence	27	Proctoscopy and anorectal biopsy	Simethicone (Degas)	45-59 years	0.0x			Hispanic	0.8x
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Chronic constipation	2	Cough	23	Insertion of catheter into urinary bladder	Malt Soup Extract (Maltsupex)	75+ years	0.0x				
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Oral thrush (yeast infection)	4	Nasal congestion	53	Other therapeutic ear procedures	Cefotaxime	60-74 years	0.0x				
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Acute bronchiolitis	18	Vomiting	23	Influenzavirus antibody assay	Glycerin Topical	1-4 years	0.0x				
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Fever	17		Fluorescein Ophthalmic	5-14 years	0.0x				
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Decreased appetite	52		Nizatidine (Axid)						
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Infant spitting up	74		Benzocaine Topical						
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Insomnia	21		Glycerin (Fleet)						
Irritable infant	null	Irritable infant is encountered rarely on Symcat. We will add more content to this page if enough people like you show interest.			Diarrhea	27								
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Anxiety	4	Weakness	32	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Cloxacillin	60-74 years	0.7x	Female	0.9x	Hispanic	0.9x
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Urinary tract infection	3	Vomiting	29	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Rotigotine (Neupro)	45-59 years	0.8x	Male	1.0x	Black	0.8x
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Chronic sinusitis	3	Fatigue	27	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Meropenem	30-44 years	1.0x			White	0.7x
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Hypovolemia	4	Nausea	44	Intravenous fluid replacement	Atracurium	75+ years	1.1x			Other	1.1x
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Depression	3	Dizziness	27	Electrolytes panel	Clavulanate (Augmentin)	15-29 years	0.9x				
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Pneumonia	3	Decreased appetite	32	Urinalysis	Vitamin K 1 (Mephyton)	5-14 years	1.2x				
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)	4	Fever	16	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Sulconazole Topical	1-4 years	1.1x				
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."	Common cold	9	Cough	26	Plain x-ray (X ray)		< 1 years	1.5x				
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."			Coughing up sputum	47								
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."			Sore throat	7								
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."			Headache	30								
Feeling ill	"Also known as Diffuse complaints, Feeling bad all over, Malaise, and Not feeling well"	"Malaise (/m__le_z/ mal-AZE) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being ""out of sorts"", often the first indication of an infection or other disease. Malaise is often defined in medical literature as a ""general feeling of being unwell"". The word has existed in the French language since at least the 12th century."			Nasal congestion	25								
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Diabetes	5	Peripheral edema	38	Kidney function tests (Kidney function test)	Psyllium	1-4 years	1.4x	Female	1.0x	Other	0.8x
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Chronic constipation	5	Sharp abdominal pain	50	Urinalysis	Glycerin (Fleet)	15-29 years	0.2x	Male	0.9x	Black	0.9x
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Gastritis	4	Irritable infant	25	Glucose measurement (Glucose level)	Nateglinide (Starlix)	30-44 years	5.7x			Hispanic	1.3x
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)	3	Nausea	43	Complete blood count (Cbc)	Lubiprostone (Amitiza)	45-59 years	0.9x			White	1.0x
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Irritable bowel syndrome	3	Stomach bloating	14	Electrolytes panel	Vardenafil (Levitra)	5-14 years	0.4x				
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Indigestion	6	Lower abdominal pain	51	Electrocardiogram	Tetracycline	75+ years	1.6x				
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Noninfectious gastroenteritis	9	Diarrhea	22	Hematologic tests (Blood test)	Simethicone (Degas)	< 1 years	0.7x				
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."	Pain after an operation	6	Regurgitation	63	Intravenous fluid replacement	Diatrizoate	60-74 years	0.5x				
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."			Heartburn	22		Alpha-D-Galactosidase Enzyme (Beano)						
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."			Constipation	31		Sucralfate (Carafate)						
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."			Burning abdominal pain	67		Nizatidine (Axid)						
Flatulence	"Also known as Bloating relieved by gas, Gassy, and Gas"	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence."" The root of these words is from the Latin flatus  ""a blowing, a breaking wind"". Flatus is also the medical word for gas generated in the stomach or bowels. These standard definitions do not reflect the fact that a proportion of intestinal gas may be composed of swallowed environmental air, and hence flatus is not totally generated in the stomach or bowels. The scientific study of this area of medicine is termed flatology."			Vomiting	18								
